:compileJava UP-TO-DATE
:processResources UP-TO-DATE
:classes UP-TO-DATE
:jar UP-TO-DATE
:startScripts UP-TO-DATE
:distTar UP-TO-DATE
:distZip UP-TO-DATE
:assemble UP-TO-DATE
:compileTestJava UP-TO-DATE
:processTestResources UP-TO-DATE
:testClasses UP-TO-DATE
:test UP-TO-DATE
:check UP-TO-DATE
:build UP-TO-DATE

BUILD SUCCESSFUL

Total time: 0.634 secs
Test test/10.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pro
accepted IDENTIFIER prot
accepted IDENTIFIER prote
accepted IDENTIFIER protec
accepted IDENTIFIER protect
accepted IDENTIFIER protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER protected
accepted PROTECTED protected
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } protected int x ; public int m ( ) { return x ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/11.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER m1
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER m2
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER m1
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } public int m1 ( ) { return 42 ; } public int m2 ( ) { return m1 ( ) ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/12.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted IDENTIFIER ja
accepted IDENTIFIER jav
accepted IDENTIFIER java
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER u
accepted IDENTIFIER ut
accepted IDENTIFIER uti
accepted IDENTIFIER util
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER C
accepted IDENTIFIER Ca
accepted IDENTIFIER Cal
accepted IDENTIFIER Cale
accepted IDENTIFIER Calen
accepted IDENTIFIER Calend
accepted IDENTIFIER Calenda
accepted IDENTIFIER Calendar
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER M
accepted IDENTIFIER MO
accepted IDENTIFIER MON
accepted IDENTIFIER MOND
accepted IDENTIFIER MONDA
accepted IDENTIFIER MONDAY
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } public int m ( ) { return java . util . Calendar . MONDAY ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/13.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER m2
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted IDENTIFIER ja
accepted IDENTIFIER jav
accepted IDENTIFIER java
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER l
accepted IDENTIFIER la
accepted IDENTIFIER lan
accepted IDENTIFIER lang
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER Sy
accepted IDENTIFIER Sys
accepted IDENTIFIER Syst
accepted IDENTIFIER Syste
accepted IDENTIFIER System
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER ex
accepted IDENTIFIER exi
accepted IDENTIFIER exit
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } public void m2 ( ) { java . lang . System . exit ( ) ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/14.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } public int x ; public void m ( ) { new A ( ) . x = 42 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/15.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER m1
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER m1
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 8
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 87
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER m2
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thi
accepted IDENTIFIER this
accepted THIS this
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER m1
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER tr
accepted IDENTIFIER tru
accepted IDENTIFIER true
accepted BOOLEAN_LITERAL_TRUE true
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public int m1 ( int x ) { return 42 ; } public int m1 ( boolean x ) { return 87 ; } public int m2 ( ) { return this . m1 ( true ) ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/16.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER l
accepted IDENTIFIER le
accepted IDENTIFIER len
accepted IDENTIFIER leng
accepted IDENTIFIER lengt
accepted IDENTIFIER length
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } public int m ( ) { int [ ] x = new int [ 42 ] ; return x . length ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/17.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } } eof 
Success


Test test/18.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } public int m ( ) { return 42 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/19.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } public int x ; } eof 
Success


Test test/1.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER ex
accepted IDENTIFIER ext
accepted IDENTIFIER exte
accepted IDENTIFIER exten
accepted IDENTIFIER extend
accepted IDENTIFIER extends
accepted EXTENDS extends
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted IDENTIFIER ja
accepted IDENTIFIER jav
accepted IDENTIFIER java
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER l
accepted IDENTIFIER la
accepted IDENTIFIER lan
accepted IDENTIFIER lang
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER T
accepted IDENTIFIER Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Thr
accepted IDENTIFIER Thre
accepted IDENTIFIER Threa
accepted IDENTIFIER Thread
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A extends java . lang . Thread { public A ( ) { } } eof 
Success


Test test/20.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pro
accepted IDENTIFIER prot
accepted IDENTIFIER prote
accepted IDENTIFIER protec
accepted IDENTIFIER protect
accepted IDENTIFIER protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER protected
accepted PROTECTED protected
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } protected int m ( ) { return 42 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/21.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER ab
accepted IDENTIFIER abs
accepted IDENTIFIER abst
accepted IDENTIFIER abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER abstract
accepted ABSTRACT abstract
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER ab
accepted IDENTIFIER abs
accepted IDENTIFIER abst
accepted IDENTIFIER abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER abstract
accepted ABSTRACT abstract
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public abstract class A { public abstract int m ( ) ; } eof 
Success


Test test/22.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fi
accepted IDENTIFIER fin
accepted IDENTIFIER fina
accepted IDENTIFIER final
accepted FINAL final
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public final class A { public A ( ) { } } eof 
Success


Test test/23.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fi
accepted IDENTIFIER fin
accepted IDENTIFIER fina
accepted IDENTIFIER final
accepted FINAL final
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } public final int m ( ) { return 42 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/24.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pro
accepted IDENTIFIER prot
accepted IDENTIFIER prote
accepted IDENTIFIER protec
accepted IDENTIFIER protect
accepted IDENTIFIER protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER protected
accepted PROTECTED protected
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { protected A ( ) { } } eof 
Success


Test test/25.java _________________________________
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER na
accepted IDENTIFIER nat
accepted IDENTIFIER nati
accepted IDENTIFIER nativ
accepted IDENTIFIER native
accepted NATIVE native
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public static native int m ( int i ) ; } eof 
Success


Test test/26.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } } eof 
Success


Test test/27.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pro
accepted IDENTIFIER prot
accepted IDENTIFIER prote
accepted IDENTIFIER protec
accepted IDENTIFIER protect
accepted IDENTIFIER protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER protected
accepted PROTECTED protected
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } protected int x = 42 ; } eof 
Success


Test test/28.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } public A ( int x ) { } } eof 
Success


Test test/29.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER y
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 8
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 87
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER z
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted IDENTIFIER y
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER z
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } public int m ( ) { int x = 42 ; int y = 87 ; { int z = x + y ; return z ; } } } eof 
Success


Test test/2.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER im
accepted IDENTIFIER imp
accepted IDENTIFIER impl
accepted IDENTIFIER imple
accepted IDENTIFIER implem
accepted IDENTIFIER impleme
accepted IDENTIFIER implemen
accepted IDENTIFIER implement
accepted IDENTIFIER implements
accepted IMPLEMENTS implements
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted IDENTIFIER ja
accepted IDENTIFIER jav
accepted IDENTIFIER java
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER io
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER Se
accepted IDENTIFIER Ser
accepted IDENTIFIER Seri
accepted IDENTIFIER Seria
accepted IDENTIFIER Serial
accepted IDENTIFIER Seriali
accepted IDENTIFIER Serializ
accepted IDENTIFIER Serializa
accepted IDENTIFIER Serializab
accepted IDENTIFIER Serializabl
accepted IDENTIFIER Serializable
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A implements java . io . Serializable { public A ( ) { } int x ; } eof 
Success


Test test/30.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 8
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 87
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER el
accepted IDENTIFIER els
accepted IDENTIFIER else
accepted ELSE else
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 17
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } public int m ( int x ) { if ( x == 42 ) return 87 ; else return 17 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/31.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } public void m ( ) { } } eof 
Success


Test test/32.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER y
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 8
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 87
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } public void m ( ) { int x = 42 ; x = x + 1 ; int y = x + 87 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/33.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER y
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER y
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER el
accepted IDENTIFIER els
accepted IDENTIFIER else
accepted ELSE else
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER y
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 8
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 87
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER y
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } public int m ( int x ) { int y = 0 ; if ( x == 0 ) y = 42 ; else y = 87 ; return y ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/34.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER w
accepted IDENTIFIER wh
accepted IDENTIFIER whi
accepted IDENTIFIER whil
accepted IDENTIFIER while
accepted WHILE while
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted COMP_GREATER_THAN >
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } public int m ( int x ) { while ( x > 0 ) x = x - 1 ; return x ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/35.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER y
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER for
accepted FOR for
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted COMP_GREATER_THAN >
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER y
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER y
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER y
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } public int m ( int x ) { int y = 0 ; for ( int i = x ; i > 0 ; i = i - 1 ) y = y + 1 ; return y ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/36.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pro
accepted IDENTIFIER prot
accepted IDENTIFIER prote
accepted IDENTIFIER protec
accepted IDENTIFIER protect
accepted IDENTIFIER protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER protected
accepted PROTECTED protected
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } protected boolean x ; } eof 
Success


Test test/37.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pro
accepted IDENTIFIER prot
accepted IDENTIFIER prote
accepted IDENTIFIER protec
accepted IDENTIFIER protect
accepted IDENTIFIER protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER protected
accepted PROTECTED protected
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } protected int x ; } eof 
Success


Test test/38.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pro
accepted IDENTIFIER prot
accepted IDENTIFIER prote
accepted IDENTIFIER protec
accepted IDENTIFIER protect
accepted IDENTIFIER protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER protected
accepted PROTECTED protected
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } protected char x ; } eof 
Success


Test test/39.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pro
accepted IDENTIFIER prot
accepted IDENTIFIER prote
accepted IDENTIFIER protec
accepted IDENTIFIER protect
accepted IDENTIFIER protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER protected
accepted PROTECTED protected
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER by
accepted IDENTIFIER byt
accepted IDENTIFIER byte
accepted BYTE byte
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } protected byte x ; } eof 
Success


Test test/3.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } public static int m ( ) { return 42 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/40.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pro
accepted IDENTIFIER prot
accepted IDENTIFIER prote
accepted IDENTIFIER protec
accepted IDENTIFIER protect
accepted IDENTIFIER protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER protected
accepted PROTECTED protected
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER sh
accepted IDENTIFIER sho
accepted IDENTIFIER shor
accepted IDENTIFIER short
accepted SHORT short
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } protected short x ; } eof 
Success


Test test/41.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pro
accepted IDENTIFIER prot
accepted IDENTIFIER prote
accepted IDENTIFIER protec
accepted IDENTIFIER protect
accepted IDENTIFIER protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER protected
accepted PROTECTED protected
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } protected int [ ] x ; } eof 
Success


Test test/42.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER nu
accepted IDENTIFIER nul
accepted IDENTIFIER null
accepted NULL null
accepted NULL_LITERAL null
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } public int [ ] foo ( ) { return null ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/43.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pro
accepted IDENTIFIER prot
accepted IDENTIFIER prote
accepted IDENTIFIER protec
accepted IDENTIFIER protect
accepted IDENTIFIER protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER protected
accepted PROTECTED protected
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } protected int x = 42 ; } eof 
Success


Test test/44.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pro
accepted IDENTIFIER prot
accepted IDENTIFIER prote
accepted IDENTIFIER protec
accepted IDENTIFIER protect
accepted IDENTIFIER protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER protected
accepted PROTECTED protected
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fa
accepted IDENTIFIER fal
accepted IDENTIFIER fals
accepted IDENTIFIER false
accepted BOOLEAN_LITERAL_FALSE false
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } protected boolean x = false ; } eof 
Success


Test test/45.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pro
accepted IDENTIFIER prot
accepted IDENTIFIER prote
accepted IDENTIFIER protec
accepted IDENTIFIER protect
accepted IDENTIFIER protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER protected
accepted PROTECTED protected
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } protected String x = " foo " ; } eof 
Success


Test test/46.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pro
accepted IDENTIFIER prot
accepted IDENTIFIER prote
accepted IDENTIFIER protec
accepted IDENTIFIER protect
accepted IDENTIFIER protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER protected
accepted PROTECTED protected
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER nu
accepted IDENTIFIER nul
accepted IDENTIFIER null
accepted NULL null
accepted NULL_LITERAL null
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } protected A x = null ; } eof 
Success


Test test/47.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted IDENTIFIER returnT
accepted IDENTIFIER returnTh
accepted IDENTIFIER returnThi
accepted IDENTIFIER returnThis
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thi
accepted IDENTIFIER this
accepted THIS this
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } public A returnThis ( ) { return this ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/48.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pro
accepted IDENTIFIER prot
accepted IDENTIFIER prote
accepted IDENTIFIER protec
accepted IDENTIFIER protect
accepted IDENTIFIER protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER protected
accepted PROTECTED protected
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted SINGLE_QUOTE '
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } protected char x = ' a ' ; } eof 
Success


Test test/49.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pro
accepted IDENTIFIER prot
accepted IDENTIFIER prote
accepted IDENTIFIER protec
accepted IDENTIFIER protect
accepted IDENTIFIER protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER protected
accepted PROTECTED protected
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } protected String x = " b t n f r \ ' \ 0 64 " ; } eof 
Success


Test test/4.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER im
accepted IDENTIFIER imp
accepted IDENTIFIER impo
accepted IDENTIFIER impor
accepted IDENTIFIER import
accepted IMPORT import
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted IDENTIFIER ja
accepted IDENTIFIER jav
accepted IDENTIFIER java
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER u
accepted IDENTIFIER ut
accepted IDENTIFIER uti
accepted IDENTIFIER util
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER V
accepted IDENTIFIER Ve
accepted IDENTIFIER Vec
accepted IDENTIFIER Vect
accepted IDENTIFIER Vecto
accepted IDENTIFIER Vector
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pro
accepted IDENTIFIER prot
accepted IDENTIFIER prote
accepted IDENTIFIER protec
accepted IDENTIFIER protect
accepted IDENTIFIER protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER protected
accepted PROTECTED protected
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER V
accepted IDENTIFIER Ve
accepted IDENTIFIER Vec
accepted IDENTIFIER Vect
accepted IDENTIFIER Vecto
accepted IDENTIFIER Vector
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
import java . util . Vector ; public class A { public A ( ) { } protected Vector c ; } eof 
Success


Test test/50.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted IDENTIFIER ja
accepted IDENTIFIER jav
accepted IDENTIFIER java
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER u
accepted IDENTIFIER ut
accepted IDENTIFIER uti
accepted IDENTIFIER util
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER V
accepted IDENTIFIER Ve
accepted IDENTIFIER Vec
accepted IDENTIFIER Vect
accepted IDENTIFIER Vecto
accepted IDENTIFIER Vector
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER nu
accepted IDENTIFIER nul
accepted IDENTIFIER null
accepted NULL null
accepted NULL_LITERAL null
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } public void m ( ) { java . util . Vector x = null ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/51.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } } eof 
Success


Test test/52.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } } eof 
Success


Test test/53.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted STAR *
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 8
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 87
accepted OP_REMAINDER %
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 7
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } public int m ( int x ) { return - 2 * x + 87 % x - ( x / 7 ) ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/54.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 8
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 87
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted BOOL_OP_EAGER_AND &
accepted BOOL_OP_AND &&
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted COMP_GREATER_THAN >
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted BOOL_OP_EAGER_AND &
accepted BOOL_OP_AND &&
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN_EQ <=
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 8
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 86
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted BOOL_OP_EAGER_AND &
accepted BOOL_OP_AND &&
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted COMP_GREATER_THAN >
accepted COMP_GREATER_THAN_EQ >=
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 43
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted BOOL_OP_EAGER_AND &
accepted BOOL_OP_AND &&
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 5
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 51
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted BOOL_OP_EAGER_AND &
accepted BOOL_OP_AND &&
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted BOOL_OP_NOT !
accepted COMP_NOT_EQ !=
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 5
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 52
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } public boolean m ( int x ) { return ( x < 87 ) && ( x > 42 ) && ( x <= 86 ) && ( x >= 43 ) && ( x == 51 ) && ( x != 52 ) ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/55.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted BOOL_OP_EAGER_AND &
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER tr
accepted IDENTIFIER tru
accepted IDENTIFIER true
accepted BOOLEAN_LITERAL_TRUE true
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted BOOL_OP_EAGER_OR |
accepted SPACE  
accepted BOOL_OP_NOT !
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } public boolean m ( boolean x ) { return ( x & true ) | ! x ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '&'
Error


Test test/56.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER tr
accepted IDENTIFIER tru
accepted IDENTIFIER true
accepted BOOLEAN_LITERAL_TRUE true
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER nu
accepted IDENTIFIER nul
accepted IDENTIFIER null
accepted NULL null
accepted NULL_LITERAL null
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } public String m ( int x ) { return " foo " + x + true + null ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/57.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted BOOL_OP_EAGER_AND &
accepted BOOL_OP_AND &&
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER tr
accepted IDENTIFIER tru
accepted IDENTIFIER true
accepted BOOLEAN_LITERAL_TRUE true
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted BOOL_OP_EAGER_OR |
accepted BOOL_OP_OR ||
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } public boolean m ( boolean x ) { return ( x && true ) || x ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/58.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER ins
accepted IDENTIFIER inst
accepted IDENTIFIER insta
accepted IDENTIFIER instan
accepted IDENTIFIER instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER instance
accepted IDENTIFIER instanceo
accepted IDENTIFIER instanceof
accepted INSTANCEOF instanceof
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } public boolean m ( Object x ) { return x instanceof A ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/59.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER by
accepted IDENTIFIER byt
accepted IDENTIFIER byte
accepted BYTE byte
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } public int m ( byte x ) { return ( int ) x ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/5.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER im
accepted IDENTIFIER imp
accepted IDENTIFIER impo
accepted IDENTIFIER impor
accepted IDENTIFIER import
accepted IMPORT import
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted IDENTIFIER ja
accepted IDENTIFIER jav
accepted IDENTIFIER java
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER u
accepted IDENTIFIER ut
accepted IDENTIFIER uti
accepted IDENTIFIER util
accepted DOT .
accepted STAR *
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pro
accepted IDENTIFIER prot
accepted IDENTIFIER prote
accepted IDENTIFIER protec
accepted IDENTIFIER protect
accepted IDENTIFIER protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER protected
accepted PROTECTED protected
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER V
accepted IDENTIFIER Ve
accepted IDENTIFIER Vec
accepted IDENTIFIER Vect
accepted IDENTIFIER Vecto
accepted IDENTIFIER Vector
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
import java . util . * ; public class A { public A ( ) { } protected Vector c ; } eof 
Success


Test test/60.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } public A m ( Object x ) { return ( A ) x ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/6.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pa
accepted IDENTIFIER pac
accepted IDENTIFIER pack
accepted IDENTIFIER packa
accepted IDENTIFIER packag
accepted IDENTIFIER package
accepted PACKAGE package
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER d
accepted IDENTIFIER do
accepted IDENTIFIER dov
accepted IDENTIFIER dovs
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted IDENTIFIER jo
accepted IDENTIFIER joo
accepted IDENTIFIER joos
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fe
accepted IDENTIFIER fea
accepted IDENTIFIER feat
accepted IDENTIFIER featu
accepted IDENTIFIER featur
accepted IDENTIFIER feature
accepted IDENTIFIER features
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pro
accepted IDENTIFIER prot
accepted IDENTIFIER prote
accepted IDENTIFIER protec
accepted IDENTIFIER protect
accepted IDENTIFIER protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER protected
accepted PROTECTED protected
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
package dovs . joos . features ; public class A { public A ( ) { } protected int x ; } eof 
Success


Test test/7.java _________________________________
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted IDENTIFIER inte
accepted IDENTIFIER inter
accepted IDENTIFIER interf
accepted IDENTIFIER interfa
accepted IDENTIFIER interfac
accepted IDENTIFIER interface
accepted INTERFACE interface
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public interface A { } eof 
Success


Test test/8.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pro
accepted IDENTIFIER prot
accepted IDENTIFIER prote
accepted IDENTIFIER protec
accepted IDENTIFIER protect
accepted IDENTIFIER protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER protected
accepted PROTECTED protected
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { protected static int x ; } eof 
Success


Test test/9.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted IDENTIFIER ja
accepted IDENTIFIER jav
accepted IDENTIFIER java
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER u
accepted IDENTIFIER ut
accepted IDENTIFIER uti
accepted IDENTIFIER util
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER V
accepted IDENTIFIER Ve
accepted IDENTIFIER Vec
accepted IDENTIFIER Vect
accepted IDENTIFIER Vecto
accepted IDENTIFIER Vector
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER si
accepted IDENTIFIER siz
accepted IDENTIFIER size
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } public int m ( java . util . Vector x ) { return x . size ( ) ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_01.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_0
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_01
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_0
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_01
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER r1
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_0
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_01
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER m0
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER r2
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_0
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_01
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER m0
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER r3
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_0
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_01
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER m0
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 100
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER r4
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_0
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_01
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER m1
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER r5
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_0
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_01
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER m1
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER r6
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_0
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_01
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER m1
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 100
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER r1
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 9
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER r2
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 6
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER r3
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 6
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER r4
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 6
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER r5
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 9
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER r6
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 6
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 11
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 117
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER m0
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted BOOL_OP_NOT !
accepted COMP_NOT_EQ !=
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted BOOL_OP_NOT !
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted BOOL_OP_NOT !
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted BOOL_OP_NOT !
accepted COMP_NOT_EQ !=
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 8
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER m1
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted BOOL_OP_NOT !
accepted COMP_NOT_EQ !=
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted BOOL_OP_NOT !
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted BOOL_OP_NOT !
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted BOOL_OP_NOT !
accepted COMP_NOT_EQ !=
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 8
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_01 { public J1_01 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int r1 = J1_01 . m0 ( 0 ) ; int r2 = J1_01 . m0 ( 1 ) ; int r3 = J1_01 . m0 ( 100 ) ; int r4 = J1_01 . m1 ( 0 ) ; int r5 = J1_01 . m1 ( 1 ) ; int r6 = J1_01 . m1 ( 100 ) ; int r = 0 ; if ( r1 == 9 ) r = r + 1 ; if ( r2 == 6 ) r = r + 1 ; if ( r3 == 6 ) r = r + 1 ; if ( r4 == 6 ) r = r + 1 ; if ( r5 == 9 ) r = r + 1 ; if ( r6 == 6 ) r = r + 1 ; return 117 + r ; } public static int m0 ( int a ) { int r = 0 ; if ( a == 0 ) r = r + 1 ; if ( a != 0 ) r = r + 2 ; if ( ! ( a == 0 ) ) r = r + 4 ; if ( ! ( a != 0 ) ) r = r + 8 ; return r ; } public static int m1 ( int a ) { int r = 0 ; if ( a == 1 ) r = r + 1 ; if ( a != 1 ) r = r + 2 ; if ( ! ( a == 1 ) ) r = r + 4 ; if ( ! ( a != 1 ) ) r = r + 8 ; return r ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromMethod.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_A
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Am
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Amb
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ambi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ambig
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ambigu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ambiguo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ambiguou
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ambiguous
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousN
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousNa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousNam
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_A
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_Ac
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_Acc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_Acce
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_Acces
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_Access
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessR
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessRe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessRes
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResul
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResult
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultF
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFro
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFrom
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromM
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromMe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromMet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromMethod
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_A
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Am
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Amb
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ambi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ambig
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ambigu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ambiguo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ambiguou
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ambiguous
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousN
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousNa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousNam
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_A
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_Ac
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_Acc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_Acce
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_Acces
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_Access
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessR
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessRe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessRes
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResul
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResult
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultF
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFro
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFrom
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromM
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromMe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromMet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromMethod
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_A
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Am
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Amb
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ambi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ambig
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ambigu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ambiguo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ambiguou
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ambiguous
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousN
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousNa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousNam
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_A
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_Ac
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_Acc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_Acce
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_Acces
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_Access
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessR
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessRe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessRes
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResul
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResult
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultF
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFro
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFrom
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromM
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromMe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromMet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromMethod
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER inc
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_A
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Am
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Amb
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ambi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ambig
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ambigu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ambiguo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ambiguou
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ambiguous
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousN
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousNa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousNam
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_A
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_Ac
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_Acc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_Acce
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_Acces
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_Access
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessR
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessRe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessRes
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResul
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResult
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultF
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFro
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFrom
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromM
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromMe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromMet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromMethod
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_A
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Am
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Amb
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ambi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ambig
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ambigu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ambiguo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ambiguou
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ambiguous
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousN
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousNa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousNam
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_A
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_Ac
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_Acc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_Acce
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_Acces
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_Access
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessR
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessRe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessRes
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResul
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResult
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultF
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFro
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFrom
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromM
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromMe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromMet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromMethod
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 120
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER inc
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER inc
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER inc
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromMethod { public int i ; public J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromMethod ( int j ) { i = j ; } public J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromMethod inc ( ) { return new J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromMethod ( i + 1 ) ; } public static int test ( ) { return new J1_1_AmbiguousName_AccessResultFromMethod ( 120 ) . inc ( ) . inc ( ) . inc ( ) . i ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_1_Cast_Complement.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_C
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Com
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Comp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Compl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Comple
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Complem
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Compleme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Complemen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Complement
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_C
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Com
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Comp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Compl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Comple
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Complem
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Compleme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Complemen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Complement
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER tr
accepted IDENTIFIER tru
accepted IDENTIFIER true
accepted BOOLEAN_LITERAL_TRUE true
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted BOOL_OP_NOT !
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 124
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1247
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12473
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 124733
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER el
accepted IDENTIFIER els
accepted IDENTIFIER else
accepted ELSE else
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_1_Cast_Complement { public J1_1_Cast_Complement ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { boolean t = true ; boolean b = ( boolean ) ! t ; if ( b ) { return 124733 ; } else { return 123 ; } } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameValue_1.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_M
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Multip
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Multipl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Multiple
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCast
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastO
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOf
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfS
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSam
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSame
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameV
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameVa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameVal
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameValu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameValue
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameValue_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameValue_1
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_M
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Multip
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Multipl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Multiple
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCast
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastO
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOf
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfS
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSam
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSame
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameV
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameVa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameVal
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameValu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameValue
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameValue_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameValue_1
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameValue_1 { public J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameValue_1 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { Object a = new Object ( ) ; a = ( Object ) ( Object ) a ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameValue_2.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_M
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Multip
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Multipl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Multiple
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCast
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastO
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOf
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfS
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSam
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSame
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameV
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameVa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameVal
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameValu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameValue
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameValue_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameValue_2
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_M
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Multip
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Multipl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Multiple
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCast
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastO
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOf
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfS
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSam
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSame
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameV
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameVa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameVal
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameValu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameValue
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameValue_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameValue_2
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameValue_2 { public J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameValue_2 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { Object a = new Object ( ) ; a = ( Object ) ( ( Object ) a ) ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameValue_3.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_M
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Multip
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Multipl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Multiple
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCast
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastO
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOf
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfS
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSam
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSame
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameV
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameVa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameVal
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameValu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameValue
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameValue_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameValue_3
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_M
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Multip
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Multipl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Multiple
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCast
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastO
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOf
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfS
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSam
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSame
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameV
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameVa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameVal
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameValu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameValue
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameValue_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameValue_3
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER I
accepted IDENTIFIER In
accepted IDENTIFIER Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Inte
accepted IDENTIFIER Integ
accepted IDENTIFIER Intege
accepted IDENTIFIER Integer
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER N
accepted IDENTIFIER Nu
accepted IDENTIFIER Num
accepted IDENTIFIER Numb
accepted IDENTIFIER Numbe
accepted IDENTIFIER Number
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER I
accepted IDENTIFIER In
accepted IDENTIFIER Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Inte
accepted IDENTIFIER Integ
accepted IDENTIFIER Intege
accepted IDENTIFIER Integer
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameValue_3 { public J1_1_Cast_MultipleCastOfSameValue_3 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { Object a = new Integer ( 0 ) ; a = ( Object ) ( Number ) ( Integer ) a ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_1_Cast_MultipleReferenceArray.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_M
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Multip
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Multipl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Multiple
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleR
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleRe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleRef
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleRefe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleRefer
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleRefere
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleReferen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleReferenc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleReference
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleReferenceA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleReferenceAr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleReferenceArr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleReferenceArra
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleReferenceArray
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_M
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Multip
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Multipl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_Multiple
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleR
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleRe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleRef
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleRefe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleRefer
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleRefere
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleReferen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleReferenc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleReference
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleReferenceA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleReferenceAr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleReferenceArr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleReferenceArra
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Cast_MultipleReferenceArray
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER nu
accepted IDENTIFIER nul
accepted IDENTIFIER null
accepted NULL null
accepted NULL_LITERAL null
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER I
accepted IDENTIFIER In
accepted IDENTIFIER Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Inte
accepted IDENTIFIER Integ
accepted IDENTIFIER Intege
accepted IDENTIFIER Integer
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_1_Cast_MultipleReferenceArray { public J1_1_Cast_MultipleReferenceArray ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { Object a = null ; a = ( Object ) ( int [ ] ) ( Object ) ( Integer [ ] ) a ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_1_Escapes_3DigitOctalAndDigit.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Es
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Esc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Esca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escape
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3D
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3Di
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3Dig
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3Digi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3Digit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3DigitO
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3DigitOc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3DigitOct
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3DigitOcta
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3DigitOctal
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3DigitOctalA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3DigitOctalAn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3DigitOctalAnd
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3DigitOctalAndD
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3DigitOctalAndDi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3DigitOctalAndDig
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3DigitOctalAndDigi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3DigitOctalAndDigit
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Es
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Esc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Esca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escape
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3D
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3Di
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3Dig
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3Digi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3Digit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3DigitO
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3DigitOc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3DigitOct
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3DigitOcta
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3DigitOctal
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3DigitOctalA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3DigitOctalAn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3DigitOctalAnd
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3DigitOctalAndD
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3DigitOctalAndDi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3DigitOctalAndDig
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3DigitOctalAndDigi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Escapes_3DigitOctalAndDigit
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted IDENTIFIER charA
accepted IDENTIFIER charAt
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted IDENTIFIER charA
accepted IDENTIFIER charAt
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted SPACE  
accepted SINGLE_QUOTE '
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_1_Escapes_3DigitOctalAndDigit { public J1_1_Escapes_3DigitOctalAndDigit ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { String s = " 1 674 " ; return s . charAt ( 0 ) + s . charAt ( 1 ) - ' 0 ' ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_1_Instanceof_InLazyExp.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ins
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Inst
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Insta
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instan
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instance
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_In
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InL
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InLa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InLaz
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InLazy
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InLazyE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InLazyEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InLazyExp
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ins
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Inst
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Insta
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instan
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instance
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_In
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InL
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InLa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InLaz
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InLazy
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InLazyE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InLazyEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InLazyExp
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER tr
accepted IDENTIFIER tru
accepted IDENTIFIER true
accepted BOOLEAN_LITERAL_TRUE true
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fa
accepted IDENTIFIER fal
accepted IDENTIFIER fals
accepted IDENTIFIER false
accepted BOOLEAN_LITERAL_FALSE false
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ins
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Inst
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Insta
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instan
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instance
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_In
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InL
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InLa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InLaz
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InLazy
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InLazyE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InLazyEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InLazyExp
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted SPACE  
accepted BOOL_OP_EAGER_OR |
accepted BOOL_OP_OR ||
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER ins
accepted IDENTIFIER inst
accepted IDENTIFIER insta
accepted IDENTIFIER instan
accepted IDENTIFIER instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER instance
accepted IDENTIFIER instanceo
accepted IDENTIFIER instanceof
accepted INSTANCEOF instanceof
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ins
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Inst
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Insta
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instan
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instance
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_In
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InL
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InLa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InLaz
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InLazy
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InLazyE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InLazyEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InLazyExp
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER d
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted SPACE  
accepted BOOL_OP_EAGER_AND &
accepted BOOL_OP_AND &&
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER ins
accepted IDENTIFIER inst
accepted IDENTIFIER insta
accepted IDENTIFIER instan
accepted IDENTIFIER instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER instance
accepted IDENTIFIER instanceo
accepted IDENTIFIER instanceof
accepted INSTANCEOF instanceof
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ins
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Inst
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Insta
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instan
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instance
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_In
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InL
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InLa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InLaz
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InLazy
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InLazyE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InLazyEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_InLazyExp
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted SPACE  
accepted BOOL_OP_EAGER_AND &
accepted BOOL_OP_AND &&
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER d
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER el
accepted IDENTIFIER els
accepted IDENTIFIER else
accepted ELSE else
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1237
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12378
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_1_Instanceof_InLazyExp { public J1_1_Instanceof_InLazyExp ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { boolean b = true ; boolean e = false ; Object a = new J1_1_Instanceof_InLazyExp ( ) ; boolean c = e || a instanceof J1_1_Instanceof_InLazyExp ; boolean d = b && a instanceof J1_1_Instanceof_InLazyExp ; if ( c && d ) { return 123 ; } else { return 12378 ; } } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_1_Instanceof_OfAdditiveExpression.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ins
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Inst
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Insta
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instan
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instance
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_O
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_Of
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAd
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAdd
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAddi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAddit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAdditi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAdditiv
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAdditive
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAdditiveE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAdditiveEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAdditiveExp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAdditiveExpr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAdditiveExpre
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAdditiveExpres
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAdditiveExpress
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAdditiveExpressi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAdditiveExpressio
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAdditiveExpression
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ins
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Inst
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Insta
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instan
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instance
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_O
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_Of
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAd
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAdd
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAddi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAddit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAdditi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAdditiv
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAdditive
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAdditiveE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAdditiveEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAdditiveExp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAdditiveExpr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAdditiveExpre
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAdditiveExpres
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAdditiveExpress
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAdditiveExpressi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAdditiveExpressio
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfAdditiveExpression
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 3
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER ins
accepted IDENTIFIER inst
accepted IDENTIFIER insta
accepted IDENTIFIER instan
accepted IDENTIFIER instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER instance
accepted IDENTIFIER instanceo
accepted IDENTIFIER instanceof
accepted INSTANCEOF instanceof
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER I
accepted IDENTIFIER In
accepted IDENTIFIER Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Inte
accepted IDENTIFIER Integ
accepted IDENTIFIER Intege
accepted IDENTIFIER Integer
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pa
accepted IDENTIFIER par
accepted IDENTIFIER pars
accepted IDENTIFIER parse
accepted IDENTIFIER parseI
accepted IDENTIFIER parseIn
accepted IDENTIFIER parseInt
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER el
accepted IDENTIFIER els
accepted IDENTIFIER else
accepted ELSE else
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_1_Instanceof_OfAdditiveExpression { public J1_1_Instanceof_OfAdditiveExpression ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { String a = " 123 " ; boolean b = a + 3 instanceof String ; if ( b ) { return Integer . parseInt ( a ) ; } else { return - 1 ; } } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpression.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ins
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Inst
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Insta
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instan
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instance
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_O
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_Of
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCast
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpre
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpres
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpress
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpressi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpressio
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpression
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ins
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Inst
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Insta
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instan
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instance
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_O
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_Of
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCast
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpre
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpres
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpress
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpressi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpressio
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpression
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ins
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Inst
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Insta
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instan
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instance
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_O
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_Of
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCast
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpre
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpres
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpress
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpressi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpressio
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpression
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER o
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ins
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Inst
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Insta
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instan
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instance
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_O
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_Of
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCast
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpre
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpres
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpress
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpressi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpressio
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpression
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER o
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER ins
accepted IDENTIFIER inst
accepted IDENTIFIER insta
accepted IDENTIFIER instan
accepted IDENTIFIER instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER instance
accepted IDENTIFIER instanceo
accepted IDENTIFIER instanceof
accepted INSTANCEOF instanceof
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Ins
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Inst
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Insta
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instan
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instance
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_O
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_Of
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCast
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpre
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpres
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpress
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpressi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpressio
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpression
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER el
accepted IDENTIFIER els
accepted IDENTIFIER else
accepted ELSE else
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpression { public J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpression ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpression o = new J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpression ( ) ; boolean b = ( Object ) o instanceof J1_1_Instanceof_OfCastExpression ; if ( b ) { return 123 ; } else { return - 1 ; } } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_1_IntRange_NegativeInt.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntR
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntRa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntRan
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntRang
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntRange
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntRange_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntRange_N
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntRange_Ne
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntRange_Neg
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntRange_Nega
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntRange_Negat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntRange_Negati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntRange_Negativ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntRange_Negative
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntRange_NegativeI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntRange_NegativeIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntRange_NegativeInt
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntR
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntRa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntRan
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntRang
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntRange
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntRange_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntRange_N
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntRange_Ne
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntRange_Neg
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntRange_Nega
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntRange_Negat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntRange_Negati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntRange_Negativ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntRange_Negative
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntRange_NegativeI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntRange_NegativeIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_1_IntRange_NegativeInt
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474836
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748364
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483648
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SPACE  
accepted COMP_GREATER_THAN >
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_1_IntRange_NegativeInt { public J1_1_IntRange_NegativeInt ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int a = - 2147483648 ; if ( a - 1 > a ) return 123 ; return 42 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_abstractclass.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER ab
accepted IDENTIFIER abs
accepted IDENTIFIER abst
accepted IDENTIFIER abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER abstract
accepted ABSTRACT abstract
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_a
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ab
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abs
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abst
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstract
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractcl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractcla
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractclas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractclass
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_a
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ab
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abs
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abst
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstract
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractcl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractcla
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractclas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractclass
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public abstract class J1_abstractclass { public J1_abstractclass ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_abstractmethodwithoutbody.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER ab
accepted IDENTIFIER abs
accepted IDENTIFIER abst
accepted IDENTIFIER abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER abstract
accepted ABSTRACT abstract
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_a
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ab
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abs
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abst
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstract
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractmet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractmeth
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractmetho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractmethod
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractmethodw
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractmethodwi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractmethodwit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractmethodwith
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractmethodwitho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractmethodwithou
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractmethodwithout
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractmethodwithoutb
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractmethodwithoutbo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractmethodwithoutbod
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractmethodwithoutbody
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_a
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ab
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abs
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abst
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstract
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractmet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractmeth
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractmetho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractmethod
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractmethodw
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractmethodwi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractmethodwit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractmethodwith
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractmethodwitho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractmethodwithou
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractmethodwithout
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractmethodwithoutb
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractmethodwithoutbo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractmethodwithoutbod
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_abstractmethodwithoutbody
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER ab
accepted IDENTIFIER abs
accepted IDENTIFIER abst
accepted IDENTIFIER abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER abstract
accepted ABSTRACT abstract
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fl
accepted IDENTIFIER fli
accepted IDENTIFIER flim
accepted IDENTIFIER flimf
accepted IDENTIFIER flimfl
accepted IDENTIFIER flimfla
accepted IDENTIFIER flimflam
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public abstract class J1_abstractmethodwithoutbody { public J1_abstractmethodwithoutbody ( ) { } public abstract void flimflam ( ) ; public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_arbitrarylocaldeclaration.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_a
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arb
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitra
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrary
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitraryl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitraryloc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitraryloca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocal
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocald
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocalde
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocaldec
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocaldecl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocaldecla
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocaldeclar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocaldeclara
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocaldeclarat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocaldeclarati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocaldeclaratio
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocaldeclaration
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_a
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arb
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitra
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrary
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitraryl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitraryloc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitraryloca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocal
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocald
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocalde
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocaldec
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocaldecl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocaldecla
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocaldeclar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocaldeclara
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocaldeclarat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocaldeclarati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocaldeclaratio
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocaldeclaration
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_a
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arb
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitra
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrary
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitraryl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitraryloc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitraryloca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocal
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocald
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocalde
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocaldec
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocaldecl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocaldecla
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocaldeclar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocaldeclara
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocaldeclarat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocaldeclarati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocaldeclaratio
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arbitrarylocaldeclaration
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 3
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 35
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER y
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 8
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 87
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER y
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_arbitrarylocaldeclaration { public static int test ( ) { return new J1_arbitrarylocaldeclaration ( ) . m ( ) ; } public J1_arbitrarylocaldeclaration ( ) { } public int m ( ) { int x = 35 ; x = x + 1 ; int y = x + 87 ; return y ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_arithmeticoperations.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_a
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ari
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arith
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arithm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arithme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arithmet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arithmeti
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arithmetic
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arithmetico
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arithmeticop
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arithmeticope
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arithmeticoper
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arithmeticopera
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arithmeticoperat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arithmeticoperati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arithmeticoperatio
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arithmeticoperation
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arithmeticoperations
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_a
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ari
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arith
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arithm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arithme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arithmet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arithmeti
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arithmetic
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arithmetico
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arithmeticop
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arithmeticope
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arithmeticoper
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arithmeticopera
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arithmeticoperat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arithmeticoperati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arithmeticoperatio
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arithmeticoperation
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_arithmeticoperations
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 17
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER y
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted STAR *
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 8
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 87
accepted OP_REMAINDER %
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 7
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 106
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_arithmeticoperations { public J1_arithmeticoperations ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int x = 17 ; int y = - 2 * x + 87 % x - ( x / 7 ) ; return x + 106 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_ArrayCreateAndIndex.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_A
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Ar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Arr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Arra
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Array
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ArrayC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ArrayCr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ArrayCre
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ArrayCrea
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ArrayCreat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ArrayCreate
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ArrayCreateA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ArrayCreateAn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ArrayCreateAnd
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ArrayCreateAndI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ArrayCreateAndIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ArrayCreateAndInd
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ArrayCreateAndInde
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ArrayCreateAndIndex
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_A
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Ar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Arr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Arra
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Array
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ArrayC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ArrayCr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ArrayCre
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ArrayCrea
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ArrayCreat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ArrayCreate
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ArrayCreateA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ArrayCreateAn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ArrayCreateAnd
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ArrayCreateAndI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ArrayCreateAndIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ArrayCreateAndInd
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ArrayCreateAndInde
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ArrayCreateAndIndex
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_ArrayCreateAndIndex { public J1_ArrayCreateAndIndex ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 + ( new int [ 1 ] ) [ 0 ] ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_assignmentExp.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_a
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_as
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ass
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assig
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assign
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assignm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assignme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assignmen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assignment
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assignmentE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assignmentEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assignmentExp
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_a
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_as
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ass
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assig
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assign
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assignm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assignme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assignmen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assignment
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assignmentE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assignmentEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assignmentExp
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted STAR *
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 100
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted STAR *
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 3
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_assignmentExp { public J1_assignmentExp ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int i = 1 * 100 + 2 * 10 + 3 ; return i ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_assignment.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_a
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_as
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ass
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assig
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assign
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assignm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assignme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assignmen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assignment
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_a
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_as
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ass
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assig
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assign
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assignm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assignme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assignmen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_assignment
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_assignment { public J1_assignment ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int i = 123 ; return i ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_barminusfoo.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_b
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ba
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_bar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_barm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_barmi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_barmin
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_barminu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_barminus
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_barminusf
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_barminusfo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_barminusfoo
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_b
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ba
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_bar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_barm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_barmi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_barmin
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_barminu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_barminus
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_barminusf
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_barminusfo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_barminusfoo
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER ba
accepted IDENTIFIER bar
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER ba
accepted IDENTIFIER bar
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_barminusfoo { public J1_barminusfoo ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int foo = - 123 ; int bar = 0 ; return ( bar ) - foo ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_BigInt.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_B
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Bi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Big
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_BigI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_BigIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_BigInt
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_B
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Bi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Big
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_BigI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_BigIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_BigInt
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474836
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748364
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483647
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474835
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748352
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483524
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_BigInt { public J1_BigInt ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 2147483647 - 2147483524 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_charadd.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_chara
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_charad
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_charadd
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_chara
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_charad
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_charadd
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted SINGLE_QUOTE '
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SINGLE_QUOTE '
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SINGLE_QUOTE '
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SINGLE_QUOTE '
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER I
accepted IDENTIFIER In
accepted IDENTIFIER Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Inte
accepted IDENTIFIER Integ
accepted IDENTIFIER Intege
accepted IDENTIFIER Integer
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pa
accepted IDENTIFIER par
accepted IDENTIFIER pars
accepted IDENTIFIER parse
accepted IDENTIFIER parseI
accepted IDENTIFIER parseIn
accepted IDENTIFIER parseInt
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 101
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1010
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10101
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_charadd { public J1_charadd ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { String s = ' 2 ' + ' 4 ' + " " + ' 2 ' + ' 4 ' ; return Integer . parseInt ( s ) - 10101 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_CharCast.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Char
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCast
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Char
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCast
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1234
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12345
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123456
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 5
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 57
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 577
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 5779
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 57797
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_CharCast { public J1_CharCast ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return ( char ) 123456 - 57797 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_CharCharInit1.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Char
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCh
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharChar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCharI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCharIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCharIni
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCharInit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCharInit1
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Char
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCh
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharChar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCharI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCharIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCharIni
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCharInit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCharInit1
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 122
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_CharCharInit1 { public J1_CharCharInit1 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { char x = ( char ) 1 ; return x + 122 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_CharCharInit2.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Char
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCh
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharChar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCharI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCharIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCharIni
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCharInit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCharInit2
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Char
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCh
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharChar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCharI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCharIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCharIni
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCharInit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_CharCharInit2
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted SINGLE_QUOTE '
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 8
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 81
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_CharCharInit2 { public J1_CharCharInit2 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { char x = ' * ' ; return x + 81 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_char_escape2.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_es
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape2
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_es
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape2
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_es
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape2
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER eq
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted COMMA ,
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 9
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 92
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_es
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape2
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER eq
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted COMMA ,
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 9
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 92
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_es
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape2
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER eq
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted COMMA ,
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 9
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 92
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_es
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape2
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER eq
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted COMMA ,
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 9
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 92
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_es
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape2
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER eq
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted COMMA ,
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 9
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 92
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_es
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape2
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER eq
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted COMMA ,
accepted SPACE  
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 9
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 92
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_es
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape2
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER eq
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted COMMA ,
accepted SPACE  
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 9
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 92
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 3
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 34
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 11
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 116
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER eq
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted COMMA ,
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER eq
accepted IDENTIFIER equ
accepted IDENTIFIER equa
accepted IDENTIFIER equal
accepted IDENTIFIER equals
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_char_escape2 { public J1_char_escape2 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int r = 0 ; if ( J1_char_escape2 . eq ( " \ b " , ( ( char ) 92 + " b " ) ) ) r = r + 1 ; if ( J1_char_escape2 . eq ( " \ f " , ( char ) 92 + " f " ) ) r = r + 1 ; if ( J1_char_escape2 . eq ( " \ n " , ( char ) 92 + " n " ) ) r = r + 1 ; if ( J1_char_escape2 . eq ( " \ r " , ( char ) 92 + " r " ) ) r = r + 1 ; if ( J1_char_escape2 . eq ( " \ ' " , ( char ) 92 + " ' " ) ) r = r + 1 ; if ( J1_char_escape2 . eq ( " ' \ ' " , " ' " + ( char ) 92 + " ' " ) ) r = r + 1 ; if ( J1_char_escape2 . eq ( " ' \  " , " ' " + ( char ) 92 + ( char ) 34 ) ) r = r + 1 ; return r + 116 ; } public static boolean eq ( String a , String b ) { return a . equals ( ( Object ) b ) ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_char_escape3.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_es
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape3
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_es
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape3
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_es
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape3
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER eq
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted COMMA ,
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 9
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 92
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_es
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape3
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER eq
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted COMMA ,
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 9
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 92
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_es
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape3
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER eq
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted COMMA ,
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 9
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 92
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_es
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape3
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER eq
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted COMMA ,
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 9
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 92
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_es
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape3
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER eq
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted COMMA ,
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 9
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 92
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_es
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape3
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER eq
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted COMMA ,
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 9
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 92
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 11
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 117
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER eq
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted COMMA ,
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER eq
accepted IDENTIFIER equ
accepted IDENTIFIER equa
accepted IDENTIFIER equal
accepted IDENTIFIER equals
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_char_escape3 { public J1_char_escape3 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int r = 0 ; if ( J1_char_escape3 . eq ( " \ 123 " , ( ( char ) 92 + " 123 " ) ) ) r = r + 1 ; if ( J1_char_escape3 . eq ( " \ 12 " , ( ( char ) 92 + " 12 " ) ) ) r = r + 1 ; if ( J1_char_escape3 . eq ( " \ 1 " , ( ( char ) 92 + " 1 " ) ) ) r = r + 1 ; if ( J1_char_escape3 . eq ( " 1 34123 " , ( ( char ) 92 + " 123 " ) ) ) r = r + 1 ; if ( J1_char_escape3 . eq ( " 1 3412 " , ( ( char ) 92 + " 12 " ) ) ) r = r + 1 ; if ( J1_char_escape3 . eq ( " 1 341 " , ( ( char ) 92 + " 1 " ) ) ) r = r + 1 ; return r + 117 ; } public static boolean eq ( String a , String b ) { return a . equals ( ( Object ) b ) ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_char_escape.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_es
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_es
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_esca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char_escape
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 107
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted SINGLE_QUOTE '
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 8
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted IDENTIFIER charA
accepted IDENTIFIER charAt
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 8
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted SINGLE_QUOTE '
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 9
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted IDENTIFIER charA
accepted IDENTIFIER charAt
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 9
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted SINGLE_QUOTE '
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted IDENTIFIER charA
accepted IDENTIFIER charAt
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted SINGLE_QUOTE '
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted IDENTIFIER charA
accepted IDENTIFIER charAt
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted SINGLE_QUOTE '
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 13
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted IDENTIFIER charA
accepted IDENTIFIER charAt
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 13
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted SINGLE_QUOTE '
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 3
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 34
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted IDENTIFIER charA
accepted IDENTIFIER charAt
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 3
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 34
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted SINGLE_QUOTE '
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 3
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 39
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted IDENTIFIER charA
accepted IDENTIFIER charAt
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 3
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 39
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted SINGLE_QUOTE '
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 9
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 92
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted IDENTIFIER charA
accepted IDENTIFIER charAt
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 9
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 92
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_char_escape { public J1_char_escape ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int r = 107 ; if ( ' b ' == 8 ) r = r + 1 ; if ( ( int ) ( " b " . charAt ( 0 ) ) == 8 ) r = r + 1 ; if ( ' t ' == 9 ) r = r + 1 ; if ( ( int ) ( " t " . charAt ( 0 ) ) == 9 ) r = r + 1 ; if ( ' n ' == 10 ) r = r + 1 ; if ( ( int ) ( " n " . charAt ( 0 ) ) == 10 ) r = r + 1 ; if ( ' f ' == 12 ) r = r + 1 ; if ( ( int ) ( " f " . charAt ( 0 ) ) == 12 ) r = r + 1 ; if ( ' r ' == 13 ) r = r + 1 ; if ( ( int ) ( " r " . charAt ( 0 ) ) == 13 ) r = r + 1 ; if ( ' " ' == 34 ) r = r + 1 ; if ( ( int ) ( "  " . charAt ( 0 ) ) == 34 ) r = r + 1 ; if ( '  ' == 39 ) r = r + 1 ; if ( ( int ) ( " ' " . charAt ( 0 ) ) == 39 ) r = r + 1 ; if ( '  ' == 92 ) r = r + 1 ; if ( ( int ) ( " \ " . charAt ( 0 ) ) == 92 ) r = r + 1 ; return r ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_char.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pro
accepted IDENTIFIER prot
accepted IDENTIFIER prote
accepted IDENTIFIER protec
accepted IDENTIFIER protect
accepted IDENTIFIER protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER protected
accepted PROTECTED protected
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER o
accepted IDENTIFIER ob
accepted IDENTIFIER obj
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER y
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER o
accepted IDENTIFIER ob
accepted IDENTIFIER obj
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted IDENTIFIER y
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_char { public J1_char ( ) { } protected char x = ( char ) 123 ; public static int test ( ) { J1_char obj = new J1_char ( ) ; char y = obj . x ; return ( int ) y ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_charliterals.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_charl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_charli
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_charlit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_charlite
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_charliter
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_charlitera
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_charliteral
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_charliterals
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_char
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_charl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_charli
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_charlit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_charlite
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_charliter
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_charlitera
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_charliteral
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_charliterals
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER c1
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted SINGLE_QUOTE '
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER c2
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted SINGLE_QUOTE '
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_charliterals { public J1_charliterals ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { char c1 = ' a ' ; char c2 = ' 7 ' ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_classinstance.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cla
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_clas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_class
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_classi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_classin
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_classins
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_classinst
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_classinsta
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_classinstan
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_classinstanc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_classinstance
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cla
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_clas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_class
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_classi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_classin
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_classins
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_classinst
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_classinsta
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_classinstan
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_classinstanc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_classinstance
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cla
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_clas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_class
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_classi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_classin
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_classins
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_classinst
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_classinsta
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_classinstan
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_classinstanc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_classinstance
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cla
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_clas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_class
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_classi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_classin
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_classins
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_classinst
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_classinsta
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_classinstan
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_classinstanc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_classinstance
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_classinstance { public int foo ; public J1_classinstance ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { ( new J1_classinstance ( ) ) . foo = 42 ; new J1_classinstance ( ) . foo = 42 ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_commentsInExp1.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_com
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comment
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comments
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp1
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_com
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comment
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comments
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp1
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_commentsInExp1 { public J1_commentsInExp1 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int a = - 123 ; return - a ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_commentsInExp2.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_com
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comment
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comments
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp2
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_com
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comment
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comments
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp2
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_commentsInExp2 { public J1_commentsInExp2 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_commentsInExp3.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_com
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comment
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comments
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp3
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_com
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comment
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comments
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp3
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 11
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted SPACE  
accepted STAR *
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 9
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_commentsInExp3 { public J1_commentsInExp3 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 11 * 12 - 9 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_commentsInExp4.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_com
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comment
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comments
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp4
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_com
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comment
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comments
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp4
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_com
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comment
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comments
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp4
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_com
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comment
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comments
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp4
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted DOT .
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_commentsInExp4 { public J1_commentsInExp4 ( ) { } public int foo ( ) { return 123 ; } public static int test ( ) { J1_commentsInExp4 j = new J1_commentsInExp4 ( ) ; return j . foo ( ) ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_commentsInExp5.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_com
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comment
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comments
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp5
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_com
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comment
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comments
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp5
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted SPACE  
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_commentsInExp5 { public J1_commentsInExp5 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { String s = ( String ) " String " ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_commentsInExp6.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_com
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comment
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comments
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp6
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_com
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comment
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comments
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp6
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 120
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 3
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_commentsInExp6 { public J1_commentsInExp6 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return ( 120 ) + 3 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_commentsInExp7.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_com
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comment
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comments
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp7
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_com
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comment
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comments
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp7
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 126
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 3
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_commentsInExp7 { public J1_commentsInExp7 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return ( 126 ) - 3 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_commentsInExp8.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_com
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comment
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comments
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp8
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_com
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comment
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comments
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp8
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER aa
accepted IDENTIFIER aaa
accepted IDENTIFIER aaaa
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 120
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER aa
accepted IDENTIFIER aaa
accepted IDENTIFIER aaaa
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 3
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_commentsInExp8 { public J1_commentsInExp8 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int aaaa = 120 ; return ( aaaa ) + 3 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_commentsInExp9.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_com
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comment
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comments
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp9
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_com
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comment
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comments
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_commentsInExp9
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 126
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 3
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_commentsInExp9 { public J1_commentsInExp9 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return ( 126 ) - 3 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_comparisonoperations.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_com
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_compa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_compar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_compari
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comparis
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_compariso
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comparison
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comparisono
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comparisonop
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comparisonope
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comparisonoper
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comparisonopera
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comparisonoperat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comparisonoperati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comparisonoperatio
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comparisonoperation
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comparisonoperations
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_com
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_compa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_compar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_compari
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comparis
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_compariso
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comparison
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comparisono
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comparisonop
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comparisonope
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comparisonoper
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comparisonopera
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comparisonoperat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comparisonoperati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comparisonoperatio
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comparisonoperation
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_comparisonoperations
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 5
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 51
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 8
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 87
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted BOOL_OP_EAGER_AND &
accepted BOOL_OP_AND &&
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted COMP_GREATER_THAN >
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted BOOL_OP_EAGER_AND &
accepted BOOL_OP_AND &&
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN_EQ <=
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 8
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 86
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted BOOL_OP_EAGER_AND &
accepted BOOL_OP_AND &&
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted COMP_GREATER_THAN >
accepted COMP_GREATER_THAN_EQ >=
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 43
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted BOOL_OP_EAGER_AND &
accepted BOOL_OP_AND &&
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 5
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 51
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted BOOL_OP_EAGER_AND &
accepted BOOL_OP_AND &&
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted BOOL_OP_NOT !
accepted COMP_NOT_EQ !=
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 5
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 52
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_comparisonoperations { public J1_comparisonoperations ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int x = 51 ; boolean b = ( x < 87 ) && ( x > 42 ) && ( x <= 86 ) && ( x >= 43 ) && ( x == 51 ) && ( x != 52 ) ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_concat_in_binop.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_con
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_conc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_conca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_concat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_concat_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_concat_i
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_concat_in
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_concat_in_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_concat_in_b
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_concat_in_bi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_concat_in_bin
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_concat_in_bino
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_concat_in_binop
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_con
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_conc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_conca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_concat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_concat_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_concat_i
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_concat_in
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_concat_in_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_concat_in_b
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_concat_in_bi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_concat_in_bin
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_concat_in_bino
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_concat_in_binop
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER y
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER nu
accepted IDENTIFIER nul
accepted IDENTIFIER null
accepted NULL null
accepted NULL_LITERAL null
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 11
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 110
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted IDENTIFIER y
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER l
accepted IDENTIFIER le
accepted IDENTIFIER len
accepted IDENTIFIER leng
accepted IDENTIFIER lengt
accepted IDENTIFIER length
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_concat_in_binop { public J1_concat_in_binop ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { String x = " " ; String y = ( " Result:  " + ( " abc " + x == null ) ) ; return 110 + y . length ( ) ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_constructorbodycast.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_con
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cons
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_const
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constru
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_construc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_construct
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructor
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorb
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorbo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorbod
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorbody
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorbodyc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorbodyca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorbodycas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorbodycast
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_con
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cons
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_const
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constru
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_construc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_construct
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructor
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorb
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorbo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorbod
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorbody
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorbodyc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorbodyca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorbodycas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorbodycast
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER for
accepted FOR for
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thi
accepted IDENTIFIER this
accepted THIS this
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER l
accepted IDENTIFIER le
accepted IDENTIFIER len
accepted IDENTIFIER leng
accepted IDENTIFIER lengt
accepted IDENTIFIER length
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 6
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 68
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_con
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cons
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_const
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constru
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_construc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_construct
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructor
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorb
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorbo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorbod
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorbody
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorbodyc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorbodyca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorbodycas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorbodycast
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_constructorbodycast { public int x ; public J1_constructorbodycast ( ) { String String = " Hello " ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < 10 ; i = i + 1 ) { String = ( String ) + ( String ) " World " ; } this . x = String . length ( ) + 68 ; } public static int test ( ) { return new J1_constructorbodycast ( ) . x ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_constructorparameter.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_con
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cons
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_const
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constru
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_construc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_construct
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructor
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorpa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorpar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorpara
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorparam
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorparame
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorparamet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorparamete
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorparameter
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pro
accepted IDENTIFIER prot
accepted IDENTIFIER prote
accepted IDENTIFIER protec
accepted IDENTIFIER protect
accepted IDENTIFIER protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER protected
accepted PROTECTED protected
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_con
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cons
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_const
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constru
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_construc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_construct
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructor
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorpa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorpar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorpara
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorparam
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorparame
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorparamet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorparamete
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorparameter
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thi
accepted IDENTIFIER this
accepted THIS this
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_con
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cons
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_const
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constru
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_construc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_construct
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructor
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorpa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorpar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorpara
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorparam
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorparame
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorparamet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorparamete
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorparameter
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_constructorparameter { protected int i ; public J1_constructorparameter ( int i ) { this . i = i ; } public static int test ( ) { return new J1_constructorparameter ( 123 ) . i ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_constructorWithSameNameAsMethod.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_con
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cons
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_const
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constru
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_construc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_construct
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructor
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorW
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWith
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithS
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSam
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSame
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameN
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNam
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameName
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAs
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAsM
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAsMe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAsMet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAsMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAsMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAsMethod
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_con
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cons
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_const
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constru
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_construc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_construct
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructor
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorW
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWith
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithS
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSam
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSame
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameN
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNam
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameName
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAs
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAsM
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAsMe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAsMet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAsMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAsMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAsMethod
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_con
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cons
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_const
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constru
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_construc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_construct
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructor
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorW
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWith
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithS
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSam
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSame
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameN
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNam
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameName
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAs
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAsM
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAsMe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAsMet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAsMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAsMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAsMethod
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_con
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cons
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_const
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constru
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_construc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_construct
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructor
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorW
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWith
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithS
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSam
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSame
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameN
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNam
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameName
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAs
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAsM
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAsMe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAsMet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAsMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAsMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAsMethod
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_con
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_cons
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_const
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constru
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_construc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_construct
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructor
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorW
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWith
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithS
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSam
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSame
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameN
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNam
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameName
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAs
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAsM
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAsMe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAsMet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAsMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAsMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_constructorWithSameNameAsMethod
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_constructorWithSameNameAsMethod { public J1_constructorWithSameNameAsMethod ( ) { } public int J1_constructorWithSameNameAsMethod ( ) { return 123 ; } public static int test ( ) { return new J1_constructorWithSameNameAsMethod ( ) . J1_constructorWithSameNameAsMethod ( ) ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_eagerbooleanoperations.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ea
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eag
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eage
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eager
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerb
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerbo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerboo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerbool
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerboole
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerboolea
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerboolean
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerbooleano
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerbooleanop
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerbooleanope
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerbooleanoper
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerbooleanopera
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerbooleanoperat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerbooleanoperati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerbooleanoperatio
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerbooleanoperation
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerbooleanoperations
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ea
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eag
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eage
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eager
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerb
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerbo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerboo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerbool
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerboole
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerboolea
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerboolean
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerbooleano
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerbooleanop
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerbooleanope
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerbooleanoper
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerbooleanopera
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerbooleanoperat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerbooleanoperati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerbooleanoperatio
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerbooleanoperation
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eagerbooleanoperations
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fa
accepted IDENTIFIER fal
accepted IDENTIFIER fals
accepted IDENTIFIER false
accepted BOOLEAN_LITERAL_FALSE false
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted BOOL_OP_EAGER_AND &
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER tr
accepted IDENTIFIER tru
accepted IDENTIFIER true
accepted BOOLEAN_LITERAL_TRUE true
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted BOOL_OP_EAGER_OR |
accepted SPACE  
accepted BOOL_OP_NOT !
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_eagerbooleanoperations { public J1_eagerbooleanoperations ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { boolean x = false ; boolean b = ( x & true ) | ! x ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '&'
Error


Test test/J1_EscapeEscape.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Es
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Esc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Esca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Escap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Escape
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_EscapeE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_EscapeEs
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_EscapeEsc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_EscapeEsca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_EscapeEscap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_EscapeEscape
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Es
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Esc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Esca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Escap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Escape
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_EscapeE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_EscapeEs
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_EscapeEsc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_EscapeEsca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_EscapeEscap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_EscapeEscape
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER l
accepted IDENTIFIER le
accepted IDENTIFIER len
accepted IDENTIFIER leng
accepted IDENTIFIER lengt
accepted IDENTIFIER length
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 120
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_EscapeEscape { public J1_EscapeEscape ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { String s = " \ \ \ " ; return s . length ( ) + 120 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_evalMethodInvocationFromParExp.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ev
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eva
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eval
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalM
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInv
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvoc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvoca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvocat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvocati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvocatio
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvocation
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvocationF
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvocationFr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvocationFro
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvocationFrom
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvocationFromP
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvocationFromPa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvocationFromPar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvocationFromParE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvocationFromParEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvocationFromParExp
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ev
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eva
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_eval
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalM
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInv
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvoc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvoca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvocat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvocati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvocatio
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvocation
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvocationF
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvocationFr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvocationFro
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvocationFrom
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvocationFromP
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvocationFromPa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvocationFromPar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvocationFromParE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvocationFromParEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_evalMethodInvocationFromParExp
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER I
accepted IDENTIFIER In
accepted IDENTIFIER Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Inte
accepted IDENTIFIER Integ
accepted IDENTIFIER Intege
accepted IDENTIFIER Integer
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER to
accepted IDENTIFIER toS
accepted IDENTIFIER toSt
accepted IDENTIFIER toStr
accepted IDENTIFIER toStri
accepted IDENTIFIER toStrin
accepted IDENTIFIER toString
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted IDENTIFIER intV
accepted IDENTIFIER intVa
accepted IDENTIFIER intVal
accepted IDENTIFIER intValu
accepted IDENTIFIER intValue
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_evalMethodInvocationFromParExp { public J1_evalMethodInvocationFromParExp ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return new Integer ( ( " 12 " + " 3 " ) . toString ( ) ) . intValue ( ) ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_exp.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ex
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_exp
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ex
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_exp
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_exp { public J1_exp ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_extends.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ex
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ext
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_exte
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_exten
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_extend
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_extends
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER ex
accepted IDENTIFIER ext
accepted IDENTIFIER exte
accepted IDENTIFIER exten
accepted IDENTIFIER extend
accepted IDENTIFIER extends
accepted EXTENDS extends
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted IDENTIFIER ja
accepted IDENTIFIER jav
accepted IDENTIFIER java
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER io
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER P
accepted IDENTIFIER Pr
accepted IDENTIFIER Pri
accepted IDENTIFIER Prin
accepted IDENTIFIER Print
accepted IDENTIFIER PrintS
accepted IDENTIFIER PrintSt
accepted IDENTIFIER PrintStr
accepted IDENTIFIER PrintStre
accepted IDENTIFIER PrintStrea
accepted IDENTIFIER PrintStream
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER y
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ex
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ext
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_exte
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_exten
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_extend
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_extends
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_extends extends java . io . PrintStream { public int y ; public J1_extends ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_externalcall.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ex
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ext
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_exte
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_exter
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_extern
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_externa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_external
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_externalc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_externalca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_externalcal
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_externalcall
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ex
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ext
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_exte
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_exter
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_extern
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_externa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_external
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_externalc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_externalca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_externalcal
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_externalcall
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted IDENTIFIER ja
accepted IDENTIFIER jav
accepted IDENTIFIER java
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER l
accepted IDENTIFIER la
accepted IDENTIFIER lan
accepted IDENTIFIER lang
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER I
accepted IDENTIFIER In
accepted IDENTIFIER Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Inte
accepted IDENTIFIER Integ
accepted IDENTIFIER Intege
accepted IDENTIFIER Integer
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted IDENTIFIER intV
accepted IDENTIFIER intVa
accepted IDENTIFIER intVal
accepted IDENTIFIER intValu
accepted IDENTIFIER intValue
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_externalcall { public J1_externalcall ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return new java . lang . Integer ( 0 ) . intValue ( ) + 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_finalclass2.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fi
accepted IDENTIFIER fin
accepted IDENTIFIER fina
accepted IDENTIFIER final
accepted FINAL final
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fin
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fina
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_final
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_finalc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_finalcl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_finalcla
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_finalclas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_finalclass
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_finalclass2
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fin
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fina
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_final
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_finalc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_finalcl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_finalcla
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_finalclas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_finalclass
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_finalclass2
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public final class J1_finalclass2 { public J1_finalclass2 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_finalclass.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fi
accepted IDENTIFIER fin
accepted IDENTIFIER fina
accepted IDENTIFIER final
accepted FINAL final
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fin
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fina
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_final
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_finalc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_finalcl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_finalcla
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_finalclas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_finalclass
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fin
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fina
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_final
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_finalc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_finalcl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_finalcla
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_finalclas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_finalclass
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public final class J1_finalclass { public J1_finalclass ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_forAllwaysInit.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAll
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAllw
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAllwa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAllway
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAllways
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAllwaysI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAllwaysIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAllwaysIni
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAllwaysInit
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAll
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAllw
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAllwa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAllway
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAllways
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAllwaysI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAllwaysIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAllwaysIni
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAllwaysInit
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER ba
accepted IDENTIFIER bar
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER for
accepted FOR for
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted COMP_GREATER_THAN >
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAll
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAllw
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAllwa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAllway
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAllways
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAllwaysI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAllwaysIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAllwaysIni
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAllwaysInit
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAll
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAllw
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAllwa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAllway
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAllways
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAllwaysI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAllwaysIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAllwaysIni
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAllwaysInit
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER ba
accepted IDENTIFIER bar
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_forAllwaysInit { public J1_forAllwaysInit ( ) { } public int foo ( ) { return 123 ; } public int bar ( ) { int i = 0 ; for ( i = foo ( ) ; i > 123 ; i = i + 1 ) { } return i ; } public static int test ( ) { J1_forAllwaysInit j = new J1_forAllwaysInit ( ) ; return j . bar ( ) ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_forAlwaysInitAsWhile.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlw
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlway
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlways
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysIni
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysInit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysInitA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysInitAs
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysInitAsW
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysInitAsWh
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysInitAsWhi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysInitAsWhil
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysInitAsWhile
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlw
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlway
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlways
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysIni
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysInit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysInitA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysInitAs
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysInitAsW
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysInitAsWh
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysInitAsWhi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysInitAsWhil
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysInitAsWhile
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER ba
accepted IDENTIFIER bar
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER w
accepted IDENTIFIER wh
accepted IDENTIFIER whi
accepted IDENTIFIER whil
accepted IDENTIFIER while
accepted WHILE while
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted COMP_GREATER_THAN >
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlw
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlway
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlways
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysIni
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysInit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysInitA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysInitAs
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysInitAsW
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysInitAsWh
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysInitAsWhi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysInitAsWhil
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysInitAsWhile
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlw
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlway
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlways
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysIni
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysInit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysInitA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysInitAs
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysInitAsW
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysInitAsWh
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysInitAsWhi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysInitAsWhil
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forAlwaysInitAsWhile
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER ba
accepted IDENTIFIER bar
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_forAlwaysInitAsWhile { public J1_forAlwaysInitAsWhile ( ) { } public int foo ( ) { return 123 ; } public int bar ( ) { int i = 0 ; { i = foo ( ) ; while ( i > 123 ) { { } i = i + 1 ; } } return i ; } public static int test ( ) { J1_forAlwaysInitAsWhile j = new J1_forAlwaysInitAsWhile ( ) ; return j . bar ( ) ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_forbodycast.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forb
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forbo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forbod
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forbody
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forbodyc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forbodyca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forbodycas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forbodycast
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forb
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forbo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forbod
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forbody
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forbodyc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forbodyca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forbodycas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forbodycast
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER for
accepted FOR for
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER l
accepted IDENTIFIER le
accepted IDENTIFIER len
accepted IDENTIFIER leng
accepted IDENTIFIER lengt
accepted IDENTIFIER length
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 6
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 68
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_forbodycast { public J1_forbodycast ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { String String = " Hello " ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < 10 ; i = i + 1 ) { String = ( String ) + ( String ) " World " ; } return String . length ( ) + 68 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_forifstatements1.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fori
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forif
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifs
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifst
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifsta
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstate
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstatem
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstateme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstatemen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstatement
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstatements
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstatements1
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fori
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forif
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifs
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifst
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifsta
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstate
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstatem
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstateme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstatemen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstatement
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstatements
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstatements1
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER for
accepted FOR for
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted BOOL_OP_NOT !
accepted COMP_NOT_EQ !=
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER el
accepted IDENTIFIER els
accepted IDENTIFIER else
accepted ELSE else
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER el
accepted IDENTIFIER els
accepted IDENTIFIER else
accepted ELSE else
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_forifstatements1 { public J1_forifstatements1 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int i = 42 ; if ( i == 42 ) for ( i = 0 ; i < 10 ; i = i + 1 ) if ( i != 0 ) i = i ; else return 123 ; else return 42 ; return 42 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_forifstatements2.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fori
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forif
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifs
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifst
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifsta
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstate
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstatem
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstateme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstatemen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstatement
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstatements
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstatements2
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fori
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forif
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifs
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifst
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifsta
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstate
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstatem
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstateme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstatemen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstatement
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstatements
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstatements2
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER for
accepted FOR for
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted BOOL_OP_NOT !
accepted COMP_NOT_EQ !=
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER el
accepted IDENTIFIER els
accepted IDENTIFIER else
accepted ELSE else
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_forifstatements2 { public J1_forifstatements2 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int i = 42 ; if ( i == 42 ) for ( i = 0 ; i < 10 ; i = i + 1 ) if ( i != 0 ) i = i ; else return 123 ; return 42 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_forifstatements3.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fori
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forif
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifs
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifst
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifsta
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstate
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstatem
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstateme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstatemen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstatement
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstatements
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstatements3
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fori
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forif
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifs
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifst
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifsta
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstate
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstatem
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstateme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstatemen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstatement
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstatements
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forifstatements3
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER for
accepted FOR for
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted BOOL_OP_NOT !
accepted COMP_NOT_EQ !=
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER el
accepted IDENTIFIER els
accepted IDENTIFIER else
accepted ELSE else
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_forifstatements3 { public J1_forifstatements3 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int i = 42 ; for ( i = 0 ; i < 10 ; i = i + 1 ) if ( i == 0 ) if ( i != 0 ) return 42 ; else return 123 ; return 42 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_forinfor.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fori
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forin
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forinf
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forinfo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forinfor
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fori
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forin
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forinf
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forinfo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forinfor
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 11
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 117
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER k
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 5
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 51
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 512
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER for
accepted FOR for
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 5
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER for
accepted FOR for
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER k
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_forinfor { public J1_forinfor ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int i = 42 ; int j = 117 ; int k = 512 ; for ( i = 0 ; i < 5 ; i = i + 1 ) for ( j = 0 ; j < 10 ; j = j + 1 ) k = i + j ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_forinitcast.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fori
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forin
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forini
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forinit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forinitc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forinitca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forinitcas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forinitcast
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fori
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forin
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forini
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forinit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forinitc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forinitca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forinitcas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forinitcast
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER for
accepted FOR for
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER l
accepted IDENTIFIER le
accepted IDENTIFIER len
accepted IDENTIFIER leng
accepted IDENTIFIER lengt
accepted IDENTIFIER length
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER l
accepted IDENTIFIER le
accepted IDENTIFIER len
accepted IDENTIFIER leng
accepted IDENTIFIER lengt
accepted IDENTIFIER length
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 100
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER l
accepted IDENTIFIER le
accepted IDENTIFIER len
accepted IDENTIFIER leng
accepted IDENTIFIER lengt
accepted IDENTIFIER length
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 23
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_forinitcast { public J1_forinitcast ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { String String = " Hello " ; for ( int i = ( String = ( String ) + ( String ) " World " ) . length ( ) ; String . length ( ) < 100 ; ) { String = ( String ) + ( String ) " World " ; } return String . length ( ) + 23 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_forMethodInit.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forM
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodIni
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodInit
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forM
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodIni
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodInit
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 7
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forM
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodIni
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodInit
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER k
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forM
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodIni
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodInit
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER for
accepted FOR for
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER k
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 6
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted STAR *
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 3
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER ma
accepted IDENTIFIER mai
accepted IDENTIFIER main
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER ar
accepted IDENTIFIER arg
accepted IDENTIFIER args
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forM
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodIni
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodInit
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_forMethodInit { public J1_forMethodInit ( ) { } public int foo ( ) { return 7 ; } public static int test ( ) { J1_forMethodInit k = new J1_forMethodInit ( ) ; int i = 1 ; int j = 1 ; for ( k . foo ( ) ; i < 6 ; i = i + 1 ) { j = i * j ; } return j + 3 ; } public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { J1_forMethodInit . test ( ) ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_forMethodUpdate2.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forM
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodU
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpd
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpda
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpdat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpdate
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpdate2
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forM
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodU
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpd
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpda
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpdat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpdate
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpdate2
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER I
accepted IDENTIFIER In
accepted IDENTIFIER Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Inte
accepted IDENTIFIER Integ
accepted IDENTIFIER Intege
accepted IDENTIFIER Integer
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER I
accepted IDENTIFIER In
accepted IDENTIFIER Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Inte
accepted IDENTIFIER Integ
accepted IDENTIFIER Intege
accepted IDENTIFIER Integer
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 5
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER for
accepted FOR for
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER h
accepted IDENTIFIER ha
accepted IDENTIFIER has
accepted IDENTIFIER hash
accepted IDENTIFIER hashC
accepted IDENTIFIER hashCo
accepted IDENTIFIER hashCod
accepted IDENTIFIER hashCode
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER ma
accepted IDENTIFIER mai
accepted IDENTIFIER main
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER ar
accepted IDENTIFIER arg
accepted IDENTIFIER args
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER Sy
accepted IDENTIFIER Sys
accepted IDENTIFIER Syst
accepted IDENTIFIER Syste
accepted IDENTIFIER System
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER o
accepted IDENTIFIER ou
accepted IDENTIFIER out
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pri
accepted IDENTIFIER prin
accepted IDENTIFIER print
accepted IDENTIFIER printl
accepted IDENTIFIER println
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forM
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodU
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpd
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpda
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpdat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpdate
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpdate2
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_forMethodUpdate2 { public J1_forMethodUpdate2 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { Integer foo = new Integer ( 5 ) ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < 1 ; foo . hashCode ( ) ) { if ( i == 0 ) return 123 ; } return 0 ; } public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { System . out . println ( J1_forMethodUpdate2 . test ( ) ) ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_forMethodUpdate.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forM
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodU
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpd
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpda
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpdat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpdate
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forM
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodU
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpd
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpda
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpdat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpdate
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER for
accepted FOR for
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 6
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER ba
accepted IDENTIFIER bar
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted SPACE  
accepted STAR *
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 3
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER ba
accepted IDENTIFIER bar
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forM
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodU
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpd
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpda
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpdat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpdate
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forM
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodU
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpd
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpda
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpdat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpdate
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER ma
accepted IDENTIFIER mai
accepted IDENTIFIER main
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER ar
accepted IDENTIFIER arg
accepted IDENTIFIER args
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER Sy
accepted IDENTIFIER Sys
accepted IDENTIFIER Syst
accepted IDENTIFIER Syste
accepted IDENTIFIER System
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER o
accepted IDENTIFIER ou
accepted IDENTIFIER out
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pri
accepted IDENTIFIER prin
accepted IDENTIFIER print
accepted IDENTIFIER printl
accepted IDENTIFIER println
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forM
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodU
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpd
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpda
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpdat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forMethodUpdate
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_forMethodUpdate { public J1_forMethodUpdate ( ) { } public int i ; public int foo ( ) { int j = 1 ; for ( i = 1 ; i < 6 ; bar ( ) ) { j = j * i ; } return j + 3 ; } public void bar ( ) { i = i + 1 ; } public static int test ( ) { J1_forMethodUpdate j = new J1_forMethodUpdate ( ) ; return j . foo ( ) ; } public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { System . out . println ( J1_forMethodUpdate . test ( ) ) ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_for_no_short_if.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for_n
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for_no
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for_no_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for_no_s
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for_no_sh
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for_no_sho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for_no_shor
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for_no_short
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for_no_short_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for_no_short_i
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for_no_short_if
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for_n
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for_no
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for_no_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for_no_s
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for_no_sh
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for_no_sho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for_no_shor
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for_no_short
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for_no_short_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for_no_short_i
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for_no_short_if
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 43
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 43
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER for
accepted FOR for
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER el
accepted IDENTIFIER els
accepted IDENTIFIER else
accepted ELSE else
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 40
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_for_no_short_if { public J1_for_no_short_if ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int a = 43 ; if ( a == 43 ) for ( int i = 0 ; a + i < 123 ; a = a + 1 ) { i = i + 1 ; } else return 10 ; return a + 40 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_forupdatecast.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_foru
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forup
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forupd
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forupda
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forupdat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forupdate
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forupdatec
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forupdateca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forupdatecas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forupdatecast
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_foru
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forup
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forupd
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forupda
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forupdat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forupdate
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forupdatec
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forupdateca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forupdatecas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forupdatecast
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER for
accepted FOR for
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER l
accepted IDENTIFIER le
accepted IDENTIFIER len
accepted IDENTIFIER leng
accepted IDENTIFIER lengt
accepted IDENTIFIER length
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER l
accepted IDENTIFIER le
accepted IDENTIFIER len
accepted IDENTIFIER leng
accepted IDENTIFIER lengt
accepted IDENTIFIER length
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 100
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER l
accepted IDENTIFIER le
accepted IDENTIFIER len
accepted IDENTIFIER leng
accepted IDENTIFIER lengt
accepted IDENTIFIER length
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 23
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_forupdatecast { public J1_forupdatecast ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { String String = " Hello " ; for ( int i = String . length ( ) ; String . length ( ) < 100 ; String = ( String ) + ( String ) " World " ) { } return String . length ( ) + 23 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_ForUpdate_ClassCreation.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_F
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_For
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForU
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpd
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpda
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpdat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpdate
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpdate_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpdate_C
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpdate_Cl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpdate_Cla
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpdate_Clas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpdate_Class
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpdate_ClassC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpdate_ClassCr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpdate_ClassCre
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpdate_ClassCrea
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpdate_ClassCreat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpdate_ClassCreati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpdate_ClassCreatio
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpdate_ClassCreation
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_F
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_For
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForU
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpd
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpda
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpdat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpdate
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpdate_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpdate_C
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpdate_Cl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpdate_Cla
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpdate_Clas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpdate_Class
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpdate_ClassC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpdate_ClassCr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpdate_ClassCre
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpdate_ClassCrea
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpdate_ClassCreat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpdate_ClassCreati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpdate_ClassCreatio
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ForUpdate_ClassCreation
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER for
accepted FOR for
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SPACE  
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted SPACE  
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_ForUpdate_ClassCreation { public J1_ForUpdate_ClassCreation ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { for ( int i = 0 ; i < 10 ; new String ( " foo " ) ) { i = 10 ; } return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_forWithoutExp.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forW
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWith
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWitho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithou
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithout
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutExp
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forW
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWith
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWitho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithou
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithout
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutExp
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER for
accepted FOR for
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted STAR *
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 5
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 3
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER ma
accepted IDENTIFIER mai
accepted IDENTIFIER main
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER ar
accepted IDENTIFIER arg
accepted IDENTIFIER args
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER Sy
accepted IDENTIFIER Sys
accepted IDENTIFIER Syst
accepted IDENTIFIER Syste
accepted IDENTIFIER System
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER o
accepted IDENTIFIER ou
accepted IDENTIFIER out
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pri
accepted IDENTIFIER prin
accepted IDENTIFIER print
accepted IDENTIFIER printl
accepted IDENTIFIER println
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forW
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWith
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWitho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithou
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithout
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutEx
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutExp
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_forWithoutExp { public J1_forWithoutExp ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int j = 1 ; for ( int i = 1 ; ; i = i + 1 ) { j = i * j ; if ( i == 5 ) return j + 3 ; } } public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { System . out . println ( J1_forWithoutExp . test ( ) ) ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_forWithoutInit.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forW
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWith
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWitho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithou
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithout
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutIni
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutInit
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forW
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWith
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWitho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithou
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithout
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutIni
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutInit
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER for
accepted FOR for
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 6
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER Sy
accepted IDENTIFIER Sys
accepted IDENTIFIER Syst
accepted IDENTIFIER Syste
accepted IDENTIFIER System
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER o
accepted IDENTIFIER ou
accepted IDENTIFIER out
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pri
accepted IDENTIFIER prin
accepted IDENTIFIER print
accepted IDENTIFIER printl
accepted IDENTIFIER println
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted STAR *
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 3
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER ma
accepted IDENTIFIER mai
accepted IDENTIFIER main
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER ar
accepted IDENTIFIER arg
accepted IDENTIFIER args
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER Sy
accepted IDENTIFIER Sys
accepted IDENTIFIER Syst
accepted IDENTIFIER Syste
accepted IDENTIFIER System
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER o
accepted IDENTIFIER ou
accepted IDENTIFIER out
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pri
accepted IDENTIFIER prin
accepted IDENTIFIER print
accepted IDENTIFIER printl
accepted IDENTIFIER println
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forW
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWith
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWitho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithou
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithout
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutIni
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutInit
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_forWithoutInit { public J1_forWithoutInit ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int i = 1 ; int j = 1 ; for ( ; i < 6 ; i = i + 1 ) { System . out . println ( i ) ; j = i * j ; } return j + 3 ; } public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { System . out . println ( " j:  " + J1_forWithoutInit . test ( ) ) ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_forWithoutUpdate.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forW
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWith
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWitho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithou
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithout
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutU
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutUp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutUpd
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutUpda
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutUpdat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutUpdate
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forW
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWith
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWitho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithou
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithout
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutU
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutUp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutUpd
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutUpda
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutUpdat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutUpdate
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER for
accepted FOR for
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 6
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted STAR *
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 5
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 3
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 3
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER ma
accepted IDENTIFIER mai
accepted IDENTIFIER main
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER ar
accepted IDENTIFIER arg
accepted IDENTIFIER args
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER Sy
accepted IDENTIFIER Sys
accepted IDENTIFIER Syst
accepted IDENTIFIER Syste
accepted IDENTIFIER System
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER o
accepted IDENTIFIER ou
accepted IDENTIFIER out
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pri
accepted IDENTIFIER prin
accepted IDENTIFIER print
accepted IDENTIFIER printl
accepted IDENTIFIER println
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_for
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forW
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWith
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWitho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithou
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithout
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutU
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutUp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutUpd
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutUpda
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutUpdat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_forWithoutUpdate
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_forWithoutUpdate { public J1_forWithoutUpdate ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int j = 1 ; for ( int i = 1 ; i < 6 ; ) { j = i * j ; if ( i == 5 ) return j + 3 ; i = i + 1 ; } return j + 3 ; } public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { System . out . println ( J1_forWithoutUpdate . test ( ) ) ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_hello_comment.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_h
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_he
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_hel
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_hell
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_hello
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_hello_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_hello_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_hello_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_hello_com
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_hello_comm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_hello_comme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_hello_commen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_hello_comment
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_h
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_he
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_hel
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_hell
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_hello
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_hello_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_hello_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_hello_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_hello_com
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_hello_comm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_hello_comme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_hello_commen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_hello_comment
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER Sy
accepted IDENTIFIER Sys
accepted IDENTIFIER Syst
accepted IDENTIFIER Syste
accepted IDENTIFIER System
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted DOT .
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted IDENTIFIER o
accepted IDENTIFIER ou
accepted IDENTIFIER out
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted DOT .
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pri
accepted IDENTIFIER prin
accepted IDENTIFIER print
accepted IDENTIFIER printl
accepted IDENTIFIER println
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER for
accepted FOR for
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted DOT .
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted IDENTIFIER l
accepted IDENTIFIER le
accepted IDENTIFIER len
accepted IDENTIFIER leng
accepted IDENTIFIER lengt
accepted IDENTIFIER length
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 17
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted STAR *
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted DOT .
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted IDENTIFIER charA
accepted IDENTIFIER charAt
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 24
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 248
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2481
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 24811
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 248113
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2481132
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 24811329
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 248113298
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_hello_comment { public J1_hello_comment ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { String s = " Hello, World! " ; System . out . println ( s ) ; int r = 0 ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < s . length ( ) ; i = i + 1 ) { r = 17 * r + s . charAt ( i ) ; } return 248113298 + r ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_if.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_i
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_i
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_i
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 11
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 117
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER y
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER y
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER el
accepted IDENTIFIER els
accepted IDENTIFIER else
accepted ELSE else
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER y
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER y
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_if { public J1_if ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return new J1_if ( ) . m ( - 117 ) ; } public int m ( int x ) { int y = 0 ; if ( x == 0 ) y = 42 ; else y = 123 ; return y ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_ifThenElse.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_i
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ifT
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ifTh
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ifThe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ifThen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ifThenE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ifThenEl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ifThenEls
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ifThenElse
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_i
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ifT
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ifTh
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ifThe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ifThen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ifThenE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ifThenEl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ifThenEls
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ifThenElse
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER tr
accepted IDENTIFIER tru
accepted IDENTIFIER true
accepted BOOLEAN_LITERAL_TRUE true
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fa
accepted IDENTIFIER fal
accepted IDENTIFIER fals
accepted IDENTIFIER false
accepted BOOLEAN_LITERAL_FALSE false
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 7
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER el
accepted IDENTIFIER els
accepted IDENTIFIER else
accepted ELSE else
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER el
accepted IDENTIFIER els
accepted IDENTIFIER else
accepted ELSE else
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 7
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER ma
accepted IDENTIFIER mai
accepted IDENTIFIER main
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER ar
accepted IDENTIFIER arg
accepted IDENTIFIER args
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER Sy
accepted IDENTIFIER Sys
accepted IDENTIFIER Syst
accepted IDENTIFIER Syste
accepted IDENTIFIER System
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER o
accepted IDENTIFIER ou
accepted IDENTIFIER out
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pri
accepted IDENTIFIER prin
accepted IDENTIFIER print
accepted IDENTIFIER printl
accepted IDENTIFIER println
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_i
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ifT
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ifTh
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ifThe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ifThen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ifThenE
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ifThenEl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ifThenEls
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ifThenElse
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_ifThenElse { public J1_ifThenElse ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { if ( true ) if ( false ) { return 7 ; } else { return 123 ; } else return 7 ; } public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { System . out . println ( J1_ifThenElse . test ( ) ) ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_if_then_for.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_i
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if_t
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if_th
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if_the
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if_then
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if_then_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if_then_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if_then_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if_then_for
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_i
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if_t
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if_th
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if_the
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if_then
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if_then_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if_then_f
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if_then_fo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if_then_for
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 43
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 43
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER for
accepted FOR for
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 40
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_if_then_for { public J1_if_then_for ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int a = 43 ; if ( a == 43 ) for ( int i = 0 ; a + i < 123 ; a = a + 1 ) { i = i + 1 ; } return a + 40 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_if_then.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_i
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if_t
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if_th
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if_the
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if_then
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_i
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if_t
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if_th
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if_the
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_if_then
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER tr
accepted IDENTIFIER tru
accepted IDENTIFIER true
accepted BOOLEAN_LITERAL_TRUE true
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 7
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_if_then { public J1_if_then ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { if ( true ) return 123 ; return 7 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_implements.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_i
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_im
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_imp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_impl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_imple
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_implem
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_impleme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_implemen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_implement
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_implements
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER im
accepted IDENTIFIER imp
accepted IDENTIFIER impl
accepted IDENTIFIER imple
accepted IDENTIFIER implem
accepted IDENTIFIER impleme
accepted IDENTIFIER implemen
accepted IDENTIFIER implement
accepted IDENTIFIER implements
accepted IMPLEMENTS implements
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted IDENTIFIER ja
accepted IDENTIFIER jav
accepted IDENTIFIER java
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER io
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER Se
accepted IDENTIFIER Ser
accepted IDENTIFIER Seri
accepted IDENTIFIER Seria
accepted IDENTIFIER Serial
accepted IDENTIFIER Seriali
accepted IDENTIFIER Serializ
accepted IDENTIFIER Serializa
accepted IDENTIFIER Serializab
accepted IDENTIFIER Serializabl
accepted IDENTIFIER Serializable
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_i
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_im
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_imp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_impl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_imple
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_implem
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_impleme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_implemen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_implement
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_implements
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_implements implements java . io . Serializable { public J1_implements ( ) { } public int x ; public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_IntArrayDecl1.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntAr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntArr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntArra
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntArray
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntArrayD
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntArrayDe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntArrayDec
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntArrayDecl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntArrayDecl1
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntAr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntArr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntArra
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntArray
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntArrayD
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntArrayDe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntArrayDec
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntArrayDecl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntArrayDecl1
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 5
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_IntArrayDecl1 { public J1_IntArrayDecl1 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int [ ] a = new int [ 5 ] ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_IntArrayDecl2.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntAr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntArr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntArra
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntArray
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntArrayD
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntArrayDe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntArrayDec
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntArrayDecl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntArrayDecl2
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntAr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntArr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntArra
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntArray
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntArrayD
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntArrayDe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntArrayDec
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntArrayDecl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntArrayDecl2
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 5
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_IntArrayDecl2 { public J1_IntArrayDecl2 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { ( new int [ 5 ] ) [ 2 ] = 42 ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_IntCast.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntCa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntCas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntCast
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntCa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntCas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntCast
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1234
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12345
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123456
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1233
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12333
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123333
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_IntCast { public J1_IntCast ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return ( int ) 123456 - 123333 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_IntCharInit.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntCh
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntCha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntChar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntCharI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntCharIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntCharIni
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntCharInit
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntCh
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntCha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntChar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntCharI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntCharIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntCharIni
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntCharInit
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted SINGLE_QUOTE '
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 8
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 81
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_IntCharInit { public J1_IntCharInit ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int x = ' * ' ; return x + 81 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_integerFun1.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_i
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_in
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_int
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_inte
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intege
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integer
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integerF
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integerFu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integerFun
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integerFun1
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_i
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_in
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_int
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_inte
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intege
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integer
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integerF
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integerFu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integerFun
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integerFun1
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474836
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748364
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483648
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474836
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748364
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483648
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 7
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER ma
accepted IDENTIFIER mai
accepted IDENTIFIER main
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER ar
accepted IDENTIFIER arg
accepted IDENTIFIER args
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER Sy
accepted IDENTIFIER Sys
accepted IDENTIFIER Syst
accepted IDENTIFIER Syste
accepted IDENTIFIER System
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER o
accepted IDENTIFIER ou
accepted IDENTIFIER out
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pri
accepted IDENTIFIER prin
accepted IDENTIFIER print
accepted IDENTIFIER printl
accepted IDENTIFIER println
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_i
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_in
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_int
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_inte
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intege
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integer
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integerF
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integerFu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integerFun
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integerFun1
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_integerFun1 { public J1_integerFun1 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { if ( ( - 2147483648 + - 2147483648 ) == 0 ) return 123 ; return 7 ; } public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { System . out . println ( J1_integerFun1 . test ( ) ) ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_integerFun3.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_i
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_in
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_int
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_inte
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intege
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integer
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integerF
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integerFu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integerFun
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integerFun3
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_i
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_in
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_int
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_inte
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intege
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integer
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integerF
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integerFu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integerFun
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integerFun3
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 6
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 64
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 641
accepted SPACE  
accepted STAR *
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 6
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 67
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 670
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 6700
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 67004
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 670041
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 6700417
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 7
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER ma
accepted IDENTIFIER mai
accepted IDENTIFIER main
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER ar
accepted IDENTIFIER arg
accepted IDENTIFIER args
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER Sy
accepted IDENTIFIER Sys
accepted IDENTIFIER Syst
accepted IDENTIFIER Syste
accepted IDENTIFIER System
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER o
accepted IDENTIFIER ou
accepted IDENTIFIER out
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pri
accepted IDENTIFIER prin
accepted IDENTIFIER print
accepted IDENTIFIER printl
accepted IDENTIFIER println
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_i
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_in
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_int
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_inte
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intege
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integer
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integerF
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integerFu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integerFun
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integerFun3
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_integerFun3 { public J1_integerFun3 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { if ( ( 641 * 6700417 ) == 1 ) return 123 ; return 7 ; } public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { System . out . println ( J1_integerFun3 . test ( ) ) ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_integerFun.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_i
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_in
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_int
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_inte
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intege
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integer
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integerF
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integerFu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integerFun
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_i
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_in
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_int
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_inte
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intege
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integer
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integerF
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integerFu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integerFun
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 6
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 65
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 655
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 6553
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 65536
accepted STAR *
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 6
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 65
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 655
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 6553
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 65536
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 16
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 167
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1677
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 16777
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 167772
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1677721
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 16777216
accepted STAR *
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 25
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 256
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 7
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER ma
accepted IDENTIFIER mai
accepted IDENTIFIER main
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER ar
accepted IDENTIFIER arg
accepted IDENTIFIER args
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER Sy
accepted IDENTIFIER Sys
accepted IDENTIFIER Syst
accepted IDENTIFIER Syste
accepted IDENTIFIER System
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER o
accepted IDENTIFIER ou
accepted IDENTIFIER out
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pri
accepted IDENTIFIER prin
accepted IDENTIFIER print
accepted IDENTIFIER printl
accepted IDENTIFIER println
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_i
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_in
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_int
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_inte
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intege
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integer
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integerF
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integerFu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_integerFun
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_integerFun { public J1_integerFun ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { if ( ( 65536 * 65536 ) == ( 16777216 * 256 ) ) return 123 ; return 7 ; } public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { System . out . println ( J1_integerFun . test ( ) ) ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_IntInit.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntIni
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntInit
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntIni
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntInit
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1234
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12345
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123456
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1233
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12333
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123333
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_IntInit { public J1_IntInit ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int x = 123456 ; return x - 123333 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_intliterals.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_i
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_in
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_int
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intli
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intlit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intlite
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intliter
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intlitera
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intliteral
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intliterals
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_i
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_in
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_int
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intli
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intlit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intlite
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intliter
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intlitera
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intliteral
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intliterals
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_intliterals { public J1_intliterals ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_intminusfoo.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_i
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_in
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_int
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intmi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intmin
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intminu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intminus
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intminusf
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intminusfo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intminusfoo
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_i
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_in
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_int
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intmi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intmin
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intminu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intminus
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intminusf
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intminusfo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_intminusfoo
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_intminusfoo { public J1_intminusfoo ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int foo = - 123 ; return ( int ) - foo ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_IntRange_MinNegativeInt.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntR
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRan
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRang
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_M
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_Mi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_Min
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_MinN
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_MinNe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_MinNeg
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_MinNega
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_MinNegat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_MinNegati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_MinNegativ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_MinNegative
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_MinNegativeI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_MinNegativeIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_MinNegativeInt
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntR
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRan
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRang
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_M
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_Mi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_Min
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_MinN
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_MinNe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_MinNeg
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_MinNega
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_MinNegat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_MinNegati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_MinNegativ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_MinNegative
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_MinNegativeI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_MinNegativeIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_MinNegativeInt
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474836
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748364
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483648
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474836
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748364
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483648
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 7
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER ma
accepted IDENTIFIER mai
accepted IDENTIFIER main
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER ar
accepted IDENTIFIER arg
accepted IDENTIFIER args
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER Sy
accepted IDENTIFIER Sys
accepted IDENTIFIER Syst
accepted IDENTIFIER Syste
accepted IDENTIFIER System
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER o
accepted IDENTIFIER ou
accepted IDENTIFIER out
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pri
accepted IDENTIFIER prin
accepted IDENTIFIER print
accepted IDENTIFIER printl
accepted IDENTIFIER println
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntR
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRan
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRang
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_M
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_Mi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_Min
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_MinN
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_MinNe
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_MinNeg
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_MinNega
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_MinNegat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_MinNegati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_MinNegativ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_MinNegative
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_MinNegativeI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_MinNegativeIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IntRange_MinNegativeInt
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_IntRange_MinNegativeInt { public J1_IntRange_MinNegativeInt ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { if ( ( - ( - 2147483648 ) ) == ( - 2147483648 ) ) return 123 ; return 7 ; } public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { System . out . println ( J1_IntRange_MinNegativeInt . test ( ) ) ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_IsThisACast.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Is
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsT
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsTh
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsThi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsThis
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsThisA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsThisAC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsThisACa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsThisACas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsThisACast
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Is
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsT
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsTh
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsThi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsThis
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsThisA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsThisAC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsThisACa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsThisACas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsThisACast
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Is
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsT
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsTh
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsThi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsThis
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsThisA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsThisAC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsThisACa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsThisACas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsThisACast
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 6
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 65
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 654
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Is
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsT
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsTh
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsThi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsThis
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsThisA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsThisAC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsThisACa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsThisACas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_IsThisACast
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 5
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 53
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 531
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_IsThisACast { public J1_IsThisACast ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int J1_IsThisACast = 654 ; return ( J1_IsThisACast ) - 531 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_lazybooleanoperations.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_l
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_la
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_laz
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazy
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazyb
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazybo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazyboo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazybool
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazyboole
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazyboolea
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazyboolean
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazybooleano
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazybooleanop
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazybooleanope
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazybooleanoper
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazybooleanopera
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazybooleanoperat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazybooleanoperati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazybooleanoperatio
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazybooleanoperation
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazybooleanoperations
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_l
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_la
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_laz
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazy
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazyb
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazybo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazyboo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazybool
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazyboole
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazyboolea
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazyboolean
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazybooleano
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazybooleanop
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazybooleanope
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazybooleanoper
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazybooleanopera
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazybooleanoperat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazybooleanoperati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazybooleanoperatio
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazybooleanoperation
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_lazybooleanoperations
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER tr
accepted IDENTIFIER tru
accepted IDENTIFIER true
accepted BOOLEAN_LITERAL_TRUE true
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER y
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted BOOL_OP_EAGER_AND &
accepted BOOL_OP_AND &&
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER tr
accepted IDENTIFIER tru
accepted IDENTIFIER true
accepted BOOLEAN_LITERAL_TRUE true
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted BOOL_OP_EAGER_OR |
accepted BOOL_OP_OR ||
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_lazybooleanoperations { public J1_lazybooleanoperations ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { boolean x = true ; boolean y = ( x && true ) || x ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_maxint_comment.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_m
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ma
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_max
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_maxi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_maxin
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_maxint
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_maxint_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_maxint_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_maxint_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_maxint_com
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_maxint_comm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_maxint_comme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_maxint_commen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_maxint_comment
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_m
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ma
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_max
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_maxi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_maxin
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_maxint
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_maxint_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_maxint_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_maxint_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_maxint_com
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_maxint_comm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_maxint_comme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_maxint_commen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_maxint_comment
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pro
accepted IDENTIFIER prot
accepted IDENTIFIER prote
accepted IDENTIFIER protec
accepted IDENTIFIER protect
accepted IDENTIFIER protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER protected
accepted PROTECTED protected
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER h
accepted IDENTIFIER hu
accepted IDENTIFIER hug
accepted IDENTIFIER huge
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474836
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748364
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483648
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_m
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ma
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_max
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_maxi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_maxin
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_maxint
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_maxint_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_maxint_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_maxint_co
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_maxint_com
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_maxint_comm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_maxint_comme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_maxint_commen
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_maxint_comment
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted IDENTIFIER test2
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted IDENTIFIER test2
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER g
accepted IDENTIFIER ga
accepted IDENTIFIER gar
accepted IDENTIFIER garg
accepted IDENTIFIER garga
accepted IDENTIFIER gargan
accepted IDENTIFIER gargant
accepted IDENTIFIER gargantu
accepted IDENTIFIER gargantua
accepted IDENTIFIER gargantuan
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474836
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748364
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483648
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER h
accepted IDENTIFIER hu
accepted IDENTIFIER hug
accepted IDENTIFIER huge
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted IDENTIFIER g
accepted IDENTIFIER ga
accepted IDENTIFIER gar
accepted IDENTIFIER garg
accepted IDENTIFIER garga
accepted IDENTIFIER gargan
accepted IDENTIFIER gargant
accepted IDENTIFIER gargantu
accepted IDENTIFIER gargantua
accepted IDENTIFIER gargantuan
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_maxint_comment { public J1_maxint_comment ( ) { } protected int huge = - 2147483648 ; public static int test ( ) { return new J1_maxint_comment ( ) . test2 ( ) ; } public int test2 ( ) { int gargantuan = - 2147483648 ; return ( huge + 123 - gargantuan ) ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_minuschar.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_m
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_mi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_min
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minus
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minusc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minusch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minuscha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minuschar
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_m
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_mi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_min
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minus
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minusc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minusch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minuscha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minuschar
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted SPACE  
accepted SINGLE_QUOTE '
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_minuschar { public J1_minuschar ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return - - ' { ' ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_minusminusminus.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_m
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_mi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_min
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minus
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minusm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minusmi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minusmin
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minusminu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minusminus
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minusminusm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minusminusmi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minusminusmin
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minusminusminu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minusminusminus
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_m
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_mi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_min
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minus
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minusm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minusmi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minusmin
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minusminu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minusminus
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minusminusm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minusminusmi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minusminusmin
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minusminusminu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_minusminusminus
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_minusminusminus { public J1_minusminusminus ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int x = - - - - 123 ; return x ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_NamedTypeArray.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Na
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Nam
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Name
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Named
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedT
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedTy
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedType
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedTypeA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedTypeAr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedTypeArr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedTypeArra
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedTypeArray
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Na
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Nam
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Name
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Named
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedT
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedTy
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedType
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedTypeA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedTypeAr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedTypeArr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedTypeArra
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedTypeArray
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Na
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Nam
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Name
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Named
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedT
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedTy
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedType
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedTypeA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedTypeAr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedTypeArr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedTypeArra
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedTypeArray
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Na
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Nam
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Name
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Named
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedT
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedTy
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedType
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedTypeA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedTypeAr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedTypeArr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedTypeArra
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NamedTypeArray
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 5
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER nu
accepted IDENTIFIER nul
accepted IDENTIFIER null
accepted NULL null
accepted NULL_LITERAL null
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 44
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 444
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_NamedTypeArray { public J1_NamedTypeArray ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { J1_NamedTypeArray [ ] a = new J1_NamedTypeArray [ 5 ] ; if ( a [ 4 ] == null ) { return 123 ; } return 444 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_NegativeByteCast.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Ne
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Neg
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Nega
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negativ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negative
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeB
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeBy
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeByt
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeByte
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeByteC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeByteCa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeByteCas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeByteCast
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Ne
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Neg
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Nega
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negativ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negative
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeB
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeBy
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeByt
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeByte
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeByteC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeByteCa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeByteCas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeByteCast
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER by
accepted IDENTIFIER byt
accepted IDENTIFIER byte
accepted BYTE byte
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1234
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12345
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123456
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 18
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 187
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_NegativeByteCast { public J1_NegativeByteCast ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return ( byte ) - 123456 + 187 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_NegativeCharCast.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Ne
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Neg
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Nega
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negativ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negative
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeCh
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeCha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeChar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeCharC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeCharCa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeCharCas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeCharCast
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Ne
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Neg
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Nega
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negativ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negative
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeCh
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeCha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeChar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeCharC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeCharCa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeCharCas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeCharCast
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1234
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12345
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123456
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 7
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 74
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 749
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 7493
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_NegativeCharCast { public J1_NegativeCharCast ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return ( char ) - 123456 - 7493 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_NegativeIntCast1.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Ne
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Neg
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Nega
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negativ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negative
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeInt
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeIntC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeIntCa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeIntCas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeIntCast
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeIntCast1
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Ne
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Neg
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Nega
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negativ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negative
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeInt
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeIntC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeIntCa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeIntCas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeIntCast
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeIntCast1
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 45
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 456
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4561
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 45612
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 456123
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 45
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 456
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4562
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 45624
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 456246
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_NegativeIntCast1 { public J1_NegativeIntCast1 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return ( int ) - 456123 + 456246 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_NegativeIntCast2.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Ne
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Neg
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Nega
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negativ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negative
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeInt
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeIntC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeIntCa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeIntCas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeIntCast
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeIntCast2
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Ne
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Neg
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Nega
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negativ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negative
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeInt
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeIntC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeIntCa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeIntCas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeIntCast
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeIntCast2
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 45
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 456
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4562
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 45624
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 456246
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 45
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 456
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4561
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 45612
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 456123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_NegativeIntCast2 { public J1_NegativeIntCast2 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 456246 + ( int ) - 456123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_negativeintcast3.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_n
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ne
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_neg
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nega
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_negat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_negati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_negativ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_negative
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_negativei
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_negativein
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_negativeint
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_negativeintc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_negativeintca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_negativeintcas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_negativeintcast
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_negativeintcast3
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_n
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ne
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_neg
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nega
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_negat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_negati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_negativ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_negative
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_negativei
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_negativein
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_negativeint
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_negativeintc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_negativeintca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_negativeintcas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_negativeintcast
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_negativeintcast3
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_negativeintcast3 { public J1_negativeintcast3 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return - ( int ) - 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_NegativeOneByteByteCast.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Ne
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Neg
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Nega
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negativ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negative
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeO
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOne
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneB
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneBy
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByt
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByte
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteB
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteBy
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteByt
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteByte
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteByteC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteByteCa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteByteCas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteByteCast
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Ne
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Neg
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Nega
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negativ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negative
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeO
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOne
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneB
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneBy
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByt
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByte
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteB
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteBy
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteByt
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteByte
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteByteC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteByteCa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteByteCas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteByteCast
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER by
accepted IDENTIFIER byt
accepted IDENTIFIER byte
accepted BYTE byte
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 24
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 246
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_NegativeOneByteByteCast { public J1_NegativeOneByteByteCast ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return ( byte ) - 123 + 246 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_NegativeOneByteCharCast.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Ne
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Neg
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Nega
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negativ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negative
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeO
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOne
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneB
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneBy
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByt
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByte
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteCh
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteCha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteChar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteCharC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteCharCa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteCharCas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteCharCast
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Ne
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Neg
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Nega
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negativ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negative
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeO
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOne
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneB
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneBy
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByt
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByte
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteCh
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteCha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteChar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteCharC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteCharCa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteCharCas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteCharCast
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 6
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 65
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 652
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 6529
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 65290
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_NegativeOneByteCharCast { public J1_NegativeOneByteCharCast ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return ( char ) - 123 - 65290 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_NegativeOneByteIntCast.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Ne
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Neg
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Nega
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negativ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negative
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeO
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOne
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneB
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneBy
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByt
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByte
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteInt
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteIntC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteIntCa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteIntCas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteIntCast
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Ne
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Neg
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Nega
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negativ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negative
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeO
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOne
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneB
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneBy
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByt
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByte
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteInt
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteIntC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteIntCa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteIntCas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteIntCast
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 24
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 246
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_NegativeOneByteIntCast { public J1_NegativeOneByteIntCast ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return ( int ) - 123 + 246 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_NegativeOneByteShortCast.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Ne
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Neg
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Nega
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negativ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negative
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeO
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOne
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneB
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneBy
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByt
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByte
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteS
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteSh
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteSho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteShor
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteShort
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteShortC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteShortCa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteShortCas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteShortCast
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Ne
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Neg
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Nega
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negativ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negative
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeO
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOne
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneB
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneBy
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByt
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByte
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteS
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteSh
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteSho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteShor
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteShort
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteShortC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteShortCa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteShortCas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeOneByteShortCast
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER sh
accepted IDENTIFIER sho
accepted IDENTIFIER shor
accepted IDENTIFIER short
accepted SHORT short
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 24
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 246
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_NegativeOneByteShortCast { public J1_NegativeOneByteShortCast ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return ( short ) - 123 + 246 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_NegativeShortCast.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Ne
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Neg
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Nega
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negativ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negative
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeS
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeSh
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeSho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeShor
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeShort
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeShortC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeShortCa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeShortCas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeShortCast
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Ne
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Neg
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Nega
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negativ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Negative
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeS
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeSh
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeSho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeShor
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeShort
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeShortC
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeShortCa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeShortCas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_NegativeShortCast
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER sh
accepted IDENTIFIER sho
accepted IDENTIFIER shor
accepted IDENTIFIER short
accepted SHORT short
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1234
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12345
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123456
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 7
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 74
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 749
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 7493
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_NegativeShortCast { public J1_NegativeShortCast ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return ( short ) - 123456 - 7493 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_newobject.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_n
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ne
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_new
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_newo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_newob
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_newobj
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_newobje
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_newobjec
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_newobject
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_n
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_ne
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_new
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_newo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_newob
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_newobj
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_newobje
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_newobjec
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_newobject
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_newobject { public J1_newobject ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_nonemptyconstructor.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_n
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_no
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_non
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_none
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nonem
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nonemp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nonempt
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nonempty
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nonemptyc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nonemptyco
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nonemptycon
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nonemptycons
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nonemptyconst
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nonemptyconstr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nonemptyconstru
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nonemptyconstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nonemptyconstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nonemptyconstructo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nonemptyconstructor
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_n
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_no
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_non
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_none
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nonem
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nonemp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nonempt
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nonempty
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nonemptyc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nonemptyco
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nonemptycon
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nonemptycons
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nonemptyconst
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nonemptyconstr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nonemptyconstru
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nonemptyconstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nonemptyconstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nonemptyconstructo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nonemptyconstructor
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_nonemptyconstructor { public J1_nonemptyconstructor ( ) { String s = " 123 " ; } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_nullinstanceof1.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_n
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nul
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_null
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nulli
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nullin
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nullins
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nullinst
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nullinsta
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nullinstan
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nullinstanc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nullinstance
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nullinstanceo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nullinstanceof
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nullinstanceof1
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_n
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nul
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_null
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nulli
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nullin
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nullins
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nullinst
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nullinsta
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nullinstan
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nullinstanc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nullinstance
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nullinstanceo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nullinstanceof
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nullinstanceof1
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER nu
accepted IDENTIFIER nul
accepted IDENTIFIER null
accepted NULL null
accepted NULL_LITERAL null
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER ins
accepted IDENTIFIER inst
accepted IDENTIFIER insta
accepted IDENTIFIER instan
accepted IDENTIFIER instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER instance
accepted IDENTIFIER instanceo
accepted IDENTIFIER instanceof
accepted INSTANCEOF instanceof
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 100
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER el
accepted IDENTIFIER els
accepted IDENTIFIER else
accepted ELSE else
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_nullinstanceof1 { public J1_nullinstanceof1 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { if ( null instanceof Object ) return 100 ; else return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_nullliteral.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_n
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nul
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_null
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nulll
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nullli
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nulllit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nulllite
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nullliter
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nulllitera
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nullliteral
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_n
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nul
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_null
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nulll
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nullli
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nulllit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nulllite
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nullliter
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nulllitera
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_nullliteral
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER o
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER nu
accepted IDENTIFIER nul
accepted IDENTIFIER null
accepted NULL null
accepted NULL_LITERAL null
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_nullliteral { public J1_nullliteral ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { Object o = null ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_octal_escape2.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_o
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_oc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_oct
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_es
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_esc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_esca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_escap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_escape
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_escape2
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_o
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_oc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_oct
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_es
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_esc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_esca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_escap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_escape
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_escape2
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SINGLE_QUOTE '
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_octal_escape2 { public J1_octal_escape2 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return ( int ) ' 173 ' ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_octal_escape3.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_o
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_oc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_oct
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_es
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_esc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_esca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_escap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_escape
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_escape3
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_o
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_oc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_oct
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_es
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_esc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_esca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_escap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_escape
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_escape3
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SINGLE_QUOTE '
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SINGLE_QUOTE '
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 5
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 53
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_octal_escape3 { public J1_octal_escape3 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return ( int ) ' 7 ' + ( int ) ' 77 ' + 53 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_octal_escape4.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_o
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_oc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_oct
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_es
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_esc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_esca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_escap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_escape
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_escape4
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_o
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_oc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_oct
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_es
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_esc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_esca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_escap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_escape
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_escape4
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER for
accepted FOR for
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER l
accepted IDENTIFIER le
accepted IDENTIFIER len
accepted IDENTIFIER leng
accepted IDENTIFIER lengt
accepted IDENTIFIER length
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted IDENTIFIER charA
accepted IDENTIFIER charAt
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_octal_escape4 { public J1_octal_escape4 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { String s = " 3 2 0 1 00( " ; int r = 0 ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < s . length ( ) ; i = i + 1 ) r = r + ( int ) s . charAt ( i ) ; return r ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_octal_escape5.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_o
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_oc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_oct
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_es
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_esc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_esca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_escap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_escape
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_escape5
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_o
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_oc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_oct
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_es
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_esc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_esca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_escap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_escape
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_escape5
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER s2
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 3
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 34
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 16
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 160
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 25
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 255
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER eq
accepted IDENTIFIER equ
accepted IDENTIFIER equa
accepted IDENTIFIER equal
accepted IDENTIFIER equals
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER s2
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER el
accepted IDENTIFIER els
accepted IDENTIFIER else
accepted ELSE else
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_octal_escape5 { public J1_octal_escape5 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { String s = " 4 21abc 2 400xyz 3 77 1 9 4 00 " ; String s2 = ( char ) 34 + " 1abc " + ( char ) 160 + " 0xyz " + ( char ) 255 + ( char ) 1 + " 9 0 " ; if ( s . equals ( ( Object ) s2 ) ) return 123 ; else return 0 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_octal_escape.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_o
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_oc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_oct
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_es
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_esc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_esca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_escap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_escape
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_o
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_oc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_oct
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_e
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_es
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_esc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_esca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_escap
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_octal_escape
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 3
accepted STAR *
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SINGLE_QUOTE '
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_octal_escape { public J1_octal_escape ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 3 * ( int ) ' 051 ' ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_primitivecasts.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_p
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_pr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_pri
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_prim
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_primi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_primit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_primiti
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_primitiv
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_primitive
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_primitivec
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_primitiveca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_primitivecas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_primitivecast
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_primitivecasts
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_p
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_pr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_pri
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_prim
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_primi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_primit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_primiti
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_primitiv
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_primitive
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_primitivec
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_primitiveca
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_primitivecas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_primitivecast
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_primitivecasts
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER tr
accepted IDENTIFIER tru
accepted IDENTIFIER true
accepted BOOLEAN_LITERAL_TRUE true
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SINGLE_QUOTE '
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER sh
accepted IDENTIFIER sho
accepted IDENTIFIER shor
accepted IDENTIFIER short
accepted SHORT short
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER sh
accepted IDENTIFIER sho
accepted IDENTIFIER shor
accepted IDENTIFIER short
accepted SHORT short
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 17
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER by
accepted IDENTIFIER byt
accepted IDENTIFIER byte
accepted BYTE byte
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER by
accepted IDENTIFIER byt
accepted IDENTIFIER byte
accepted BYTE byte
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 5
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_primitivecasts { public J1_primitivecasts ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { boolean t = ( boolean ) true ; char c = ( char ) ' y ' ; short s = ( short ) 17 ; byte b = ( byte ) 5 ; return ( int ) 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_protectedfields.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_p
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_pr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_pro
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_prot
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_prote
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_protec
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_protect
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_protected
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_protectedf
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_protectedfi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_protectedfie
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_protectedfiel
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_protectedfield
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_protectedfields
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_p
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_pr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_pro
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_prot
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_prote
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_protec
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_protect
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_protected
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_protectedf
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_protectedfi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_protectedfie
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_protectedfiel
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_protectedfield
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_protectedfields
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pro
accepted IDENTIFIER prot
accepted IDENTIFIER prote
accepted IDENTIFIER protec
accepted IDENTIFIER protect
accepted IDENTIFIER protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER protected
accepted PROTECTED protected
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_protectedfields { public J1_protectedfields ( ) { } protected int x ; public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_protected.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_p
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_pr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_pro
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_prot
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_prote
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_protec
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_protect
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_protected
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pro
accepted IDENTIFIER prot
accepted IDENTIFIER prote
accepted IDENTIFIER protec
accepted IDENTIFIER protect
accepted IDENTIFIER protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER protected
accepted PROTECTED protected
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_p
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_pr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_pro
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_prot
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_prote
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_protec
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_protect
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_protected
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_protected { protected int i ; public J1_protected ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_publicclasses.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_p
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_pu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_pub
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_public
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publiccl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publiccla
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicclas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicclass
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicclasse
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicclasses
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_p
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_pu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_pub
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_public
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publiccl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publiccla
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicclas
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicclass
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicclasse
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicclasses
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_publicclasses { public J1_publicclasses ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_publicconstructors.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_p
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_pu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_pub
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_public
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicco
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publiccon
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publiccons
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicconst
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicconstr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicconstru
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicconstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicconstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicconstructo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicconstructor
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicconstructors
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_p
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_pu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_pub
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_public
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicco
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publiccon
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publiccons
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicconst
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicconstr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicconstru
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicconstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicconstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicconstructo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicconstructor
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicconstructors
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_publicconstructors { public J1_publicconstructors ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_publicfields.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_p
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_pu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_pub
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_public
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicf
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicfi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicfie
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicfiel
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicfield
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicfields
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pro
accepted IDENTIFIER prot
accepted IDENTIFIER prote
accepted IDENTIFIER protec
accepted IDENTIFIER protect
accepted IDENTIFIER protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER protected
accepted PROTECTED protected
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_p
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_pu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_pub
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_public
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicf
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicfi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicfie
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicfiel
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicfield
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicfields
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thi
accepted IDENTIFIER this
accepted THIS this
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_p
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_pu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_pub
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_public
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicf
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicfi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicfie
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicfiel
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicfield
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicfields
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_publicfields { protected J1_publicfields ( ) { this . x = 123 ; } public int x ; public static int test ( ) { return new J1_publicfields ( ) . x ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_publicmethods.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_p
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_pu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_pub
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_public
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicmet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicmeth
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicmetho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicmethod
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicmethods
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_p
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_pu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_pub
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_public
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicmet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicmeth
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicmetho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicmethod
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicmethods
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_p
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_pu
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_pub
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_public
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicmet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicmeth
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicmetho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicmethod
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_publicmethods
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_publicmethods { public J1_publicmethods ( ) { } public int m ( ) { return 123 ; } public static int test ( ) { return new J1_publicmethods ( ) . m ( ) ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_SimpleTypeArray.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_S
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Si
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Sim
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Simp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Simpl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Simple
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_SimpleT
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_SimpleTy
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_SimpleTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_SimpleType
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_SimpleTypeA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_SimpleTypeAr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_SimpleTypeArr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_SimpleTypeArra
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_SimpleTypeArray
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_S
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Si
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Sim
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Simp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Simpl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Simple
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_SimpleT
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_SimpleTy
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_SimpleTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_SimpleType
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_SimpleTypeA
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_SimpleTypeAr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_SimpleTypeArr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_SimpleTypeArra
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_SimpleTypeArray
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 5
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fa
accepted IDENTIFIER fal
accepted IDENTIFIER fals
accepted IDENTIFIER false
accepted BOOLEAN_LITERAL_FALSE false
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 44
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 444
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_SimpleTypeArray { public J1_SimpleTypeArray ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { boolean [ ] a = new boolean [ 5 ] ; if ( a [ 4 ] == false ) { return 123 ; } return 444 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_SmallInt.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_S
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Sm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Sma
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Smal
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Small
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_SmallI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_SmallIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_SmallInt
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_S
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Sm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Sma
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Smal
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_Small
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_SmallI
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_SmallIn
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_SmallInt
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474836
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748364
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483648
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474830
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748300
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483000
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 7
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 77
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 771
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_SmallInt { public J1_SmallInt ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return - 2147483648 + 2147483000 + 771 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_staticmethoddeclaration.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_s
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_st
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_sta
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_static
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticmet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticmeth
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticmetho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticmethod
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticmethodd
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticmethodde
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticmethoddec
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticmethoddecl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticmethoddecla
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticmethoddeclar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticmethoddeclara
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticmethoddeclarat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticmethoddeclarati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticmethoddeclaratio
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticmethoddeclaration
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_s
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_st
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_sta
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_static
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticm
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticme
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticmet
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticmeth
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticmetho
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticmethod
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticmethodd
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticmethodde
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticmethoddec
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticmethoddecl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticmethoddecla
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticmethoddeclar
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticmethoddeclara
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticmethoddeclarat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticmethoddeclarati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticmethoddeclaratio
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_staticmethoddeclaration
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_staticmethoddeclaration { public J1_staticmethoddeclaration ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_stringliteralinvoke.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_s
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_st
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_str
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stri
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_strin
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_string
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringli
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringlit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringlite
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringliter
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringlitera
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringliteral
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringliterali
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringliteralin
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringliteralinv
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringliteralinvo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringliteralinvok
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringliteralinvoke
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_s
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_st
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_str
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stri
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_strin
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_string
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringli
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringlit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringlite
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringliter
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringlitera
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringliteral
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringliterali
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringliteralin
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringliteralinv
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringliteralinvo
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringliteralinvok
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringliteralinvoke
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER l
accepted IDENTIFIER le
accepted IDENTIFIER len
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER l
accepted IDENTIFIER le
accepted IDENTIFIER len
accepted IDENTIFIER leng
accepted IDENTIFIER lengt
accepted IDENTIFIER length
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER l
accepted IDENTIFIER le
accepted IDENTIFIER len
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 11
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 113
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_stringliteralinvoke { public J1_stringliteralinvoke ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int len = " HelloWorld " . length ( ) ; return len + 113 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_stringliterals.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_s
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_st
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_str
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stri
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_strin
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_string
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringli
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringlit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringlite
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringliter
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringlitera
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringliteral
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringliterals
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_s
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_st
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_str
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stri
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_strin
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_string
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringl
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringli
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringlit
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringlite
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringliter
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringlitera
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringliteral
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_stringliterals
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER s1
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER s2
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_stringliterals { public J1_stringliterals ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { String s1 = " " ; String s2 = " 123abcABC$%*~ " ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1_weird_chars.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_w
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_we
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_wei
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_weir
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_weird
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_weird_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_weird_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_weird_ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_weird_cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_weird_char
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_weird_chars
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_w
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_we
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_wei
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_weir
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_weird
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_weird_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_weird_c
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_weird_ch
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_weird_cha
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_weird_char
accepted IDENTIFIER J1_weird_chars
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER ind
accepted IDENTIFIER inde
accepted IDENTIFIER index
accepted IDENTIFIER indexO
accepted IDENTIFIER indexOf
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted BOOL_OP_EAGER_AND &
accepted BOOL_OP_AND &&
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER ind
accepted IDENTIFIER inde
accepted IDENTIFIER index
accepted IDENTIFIER indexO
accepted IDENTIFIER indexOf
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted BOOL_OP_EAGER_AND &
accepted BOOL_OP_AND &&
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER ind
accepted IDENTIFIER inde
accepted IDENTIFIER index
accepted IDENTIFIER indexO
accepted IDENTIFIER indexOf
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted BOOL_OP_EAGER_AND &
accepted BOOL_OP_AND &&
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER l
accepted IDENTIFIER le
accepted IDENTIFIER len
accepted IDENTIFIER leng
accepted IDENTIFIER lengt
accepted IDENTIFIER length
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1_weird_chars { public J1_weird_chars ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { String s = " \ b " ; if ( s . indexOf ( " \ " ) == 0 && s . indexOf ( " b " ) == 1 && s . indexOf ( " b " ) == - 1 && s . length ( ) == 2 ) { return 123 ; } return 42 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1w_Interface.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted IDENTIFIER inte
accepted IDENTIFIER inter
accepted IDENTIFIER interf
accepted IDENTIFIER interfa
accepted IDENTIFIER interfac
accepted IDENTIFIER interface
accepted INTERFACE interface
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_I
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_In
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_Inte
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_Inter
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_Interf
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_Interfa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_Interfac
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_Interface
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public interface J1w_Interface { } eof 
Success


Test test/J1w_RestrictedNative.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_R
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_Re
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_Res
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_Rest
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_Restr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_Restri
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_Restric
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_Restrict
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_Restricte
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_Restricted
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_RestrictedN
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_RestrictedNa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_RestrictedNat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_RestrictedNati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_RestrictedNativ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_RestrictedNative
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_R
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_Re
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_Res
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_Rest
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_Restr
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_Restri
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_Restric
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_Restrict
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_Restricte
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_Restricted
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_RestrictedN
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_RestrictedNa
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_RestrictedNat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_RestrictedNati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_RestrictedNativ
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_RestrictedNative
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER na
accepted IDENTIFIER nat
accepted IDENTIFIER nati
accepted IDENTIFIER nativ
accepted IDENTIFIER native
accepted NATIVE native
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1w_RestrictedNative { public J1w_RestrictedNative ( ) { } public static native int m ( int i ) ; public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J1w_StaticField.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_S
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_St
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_Sta
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_Stat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_Stati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_Static
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_StaticF
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_StaticFi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_StaticFie
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_StaticFiel
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_StaticField
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J1
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_S
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_St
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_Sta
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_Stat
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_Stati
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_Static
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_StaticF
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_StaticFi
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_StaticFie
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_StaticFiel
accepted IDENTIFIER J1w_StaticField
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pro
accepted IDENTIFIER prot
accepted IDENTIFIER prote
accepted IDENTIFIER protec
accepted IDENTIFIER protect
accepted IDENTIFIER protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER protected
accepted PROTECTED protected
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J1w_StaticField { public J1w_StaticField ( ) { } protected static int x ; public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J2_staticfielddeclaration.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J2
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_s
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_st
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_sta
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_stat
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_stati
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_static
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticf
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticfi
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticfie
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticfiel
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticfield
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticfieldd
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticfieldde
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticfielddec
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticfielddecl
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticfielddecla
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticfielddeclar
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticfielddeclara
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticfielddeclarat
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticfielddeclarati
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticfielddeclaratio
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticfielddeclaration
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J2
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_s
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_st
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_sta
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_stat
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_stati
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_static
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticf
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticfi
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticfie
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticfiel
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticfield
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticfieldd
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticfieldde
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticfielddec
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticfielddecl
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticfielddecla
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticfielddeclar
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticfielddeclara
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticfielddeclarat
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticfielddeclarati
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticfielddeclaratio
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticfielddeclaration
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pro
accepted IDENTIFIER prot
accepted IDENTIFIER prote
accepted IDENTIFIER protec
accepted IDENTIFIER protect
accepted IDENTIFIER protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER protected
accepted PROTECTED protected
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J2_staticfielddeclaration { public J2_staticfielddeclaration ( ) { } protected static int x ; public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/J2_staticFieldDecl.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J2
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_s
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_st
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_sta
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_stat
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_stati
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_static
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticF
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticFi
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticFie
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticFiel
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticField
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticFieldD
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticFieldDe
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticFieldDec
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticFieldDecl
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pro
accepted IDENTIFIER prot
accepted IDENTIFIER prote
accepted IDENTIFIER protec
accepted IDENTIFIER protect
accepted IDENTIFIER protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER protected
accepted PROTECTED protected
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fi
accepted IDENTIFIER fie
accepted IDENTIFIER fiel
accepted IDENTIFIER field
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 23
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J2
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_s
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_st
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_sta
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_stat
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_stati
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_static
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticF
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticFi
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticFie
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticFiel
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticField
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticFieldD
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticFieldDe
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticFieldDec
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticFieldDecl
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER J2
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_s
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_st
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_sta
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_stat
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_stati
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_static
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticF
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticFi
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticFie
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticFiel
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticField
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticFieldD
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticFieldDe
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticFieldDec
accepted IDENTIFIER J2_staticFieldDecl
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fi
accepted IDENTIFIER fie
accepted IDENTIFIER fiel
accepted IDENTIFIER field
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 100
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class J2_staticFieldDecl { protected static int field = 23 ; public J2_staticFieldDecl ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return J2_staticFieldDecl . field + 100 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_16_Circularity_1.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Ci
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Cir
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circula
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circular
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circulari
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_1
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Ci
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Cir
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circula
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circular
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circulari
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_1
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thi
accepted IDENTIFIER this
accepted THIS this
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Ci
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Cir
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circula
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circular
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circulari
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_1
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thi
accepted IDENTIFIER this
accepted THIS this
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 100
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_16_Circularity_1 { public Je_16_Circularity_1 ( int i ) { this ( ) ; } public Je_16_Circularity_1 ( ) { this ( 100 ) ; } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '('
Error


Test test/Je_16_Circularity_2.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Ci
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Cir
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circula
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circular
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circulari
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_2
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Ci
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Cir
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circula
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circular
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circulari
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_2
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thi
accepted IDENTIFIER this
accepted THIS this
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Ci
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Cir
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circula
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circular
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circulari
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_2
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thi
accepted IDENTIFIER this
accepted THIS this
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted COMMA ,
accepted SPACE  
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Ci
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Cir
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circula
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circular
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circulari
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_2
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER s1
accepted COMMA ,
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER s2
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thi
accepted IDENTIFIER this
accepted THIS this
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 100
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_16_Circularity_2 { public Je_16_Circularity_2 ( int i ) { this ( ) ; } public Je_16_Circularity_2 ( ) { this ( " foo " , " bar " ) ; } public Je_16_Circularity_2 ( String s1 , String s2 ) { this ( 100 ) ; } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '('
Error


Test test/Je_16_Circularity_3.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Ci
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Cir
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circula
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circular
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circulari
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_3
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Ci
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Cir
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circula
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circular
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circulari
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_3
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted COMMA ,
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thi
accepted IDENTIFIER this
accepted THIS this
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 100
accepted COMMA ,
accepted SPACE  
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_16_Circularity_3 { public Je_16_Circularity_3 ( int i , String s ) { this ( 100 , " foo " ) ; } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '('
Error


Test test/Je_16_Circularity_4_Rhoshaped.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Ci
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Cir
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circula
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circular
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circulari
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_R
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_Rh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_Rho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_Rhos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_Rhosh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_Rhosha
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_Rhoshap
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_Rhoshape
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_Rhoshaped
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Ci
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Cir
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circula
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circular
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circulari
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_R
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_Rh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_Rho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_Rhos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_Rhosh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_Rhosha
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_Rhoshap
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_Rhoshape
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_Rhoshaped
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thi
accepted IDENTIFIER this
accepted THIS this
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Ci
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Cir
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circula
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circular
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circulari
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_R
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_Rh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_Rho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_Rhos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_Rhosh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_Rhosha
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_Rhoshap
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_Rhoshape
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_Rhoshaped
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thi
accepted IDENTIFIER this
accepted THIS this
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted COMMA ,
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Ci
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Cir
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circula
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circular
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circulari
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_R
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_Rh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_Rho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_Rhos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_Rhosh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_Rhosha
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_Rhoshap
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_Rhoshape
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Circularity_4_Rhoshaped
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted COMMA ,
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER y
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thi
accepted IDENTIFIER this
accepted THIS this
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_16_Circularity_4_Rhoshaped { public Je_16_Circularity_4_Rhoshaped ( ) { this ( 1 ) ; } public Je_16_Circularity_4_Rhoshaped ( int x ) { this ( 1 , 2 ) ; } public Je_16_Circularity_4_Rhoshaped ( int x , int y ) { this ( 1 ) ; } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '('
Error


Test test/Je_16_ClosestMatch_Array.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Cl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Clo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Clos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Close
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Closes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Closest
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Ar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Arr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Arra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Array
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Cl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Clo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Clos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Close
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Closes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Closest
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Ar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Arr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Arra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Array
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER me
accepted IDENTIFIER met
accepted IDENTIFIER meth
accepted IDENTIFIER metho
accepted IDENTIFIER method
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER me
accepted IDENTIFIER met
accepted IDENTIFIER meth
accepted IDENTIFIER metho
accepted IDENTIFIER method
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER C
accepted IDENTIFIER Cl
accepted IDENTIFIER Clo
accepted IDENTIFIER Clon
accepted IDENTIFIER Clone
accepted IDENTIFIER Clonea
accepted IDENTIFIER Cloneab
accepted IDENTIFIER Cloneabl
accepted IDENTIFIER Cloneable
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER me
accepted IDENTIFIER met
accepted IDENTIFIER meth
accepted IDENTIFIER metho
accepted IDENTIFIER method
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER C
accepted IDENTIFIER Cl
accepted IDENTIFIER Clo
accepted IDENTIFIER Clon
accepted IDENTIFIER Clone
accepted IDENTIFIER Clonea
accepted IDENTIFIER Cloneab
accepted IDENTIFIER Cloneabl
accepted IDENTIFIER Cloneable
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER C
accepted IDENTIFIER Cl
accepted IDENTIFIER Clo
accepted IDENTIFIER Clon
accepted IDENTIFIER Clone
accepted IDENTIFIER Clonea
accepted IDENTIFIER Cloneab
accepted IDENTIFIER Cloneabl
accepted IDENTIFIER Cloneable
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER nu
accepted IDENTIFIER nul
accepted IDENTIFIER null
accepted NULL null
accepted NULL_LITERAL null
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER me
accepted IDENTIFIER met
accepted IDENTIFIER meth
accepted IDENTIFIER metho
accepted IDENTIFIER method
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_16_ClosestMatch_Array { public Je_16_ClosestMatch_Array ( ) { } public static int method ( Object [ ] e ) { return 123 ; } public static void method ( Cloneable [ ] [ ] e ) { } public static int method ( Cloneable [ ] e ) { return 123 ; } public static int test ( ) { Cloneable [ ] [ ] c = null ; return method ( c ) ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMatch_This.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Cl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Clo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Clos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Close
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Closes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Closest
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Co
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Con
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Cons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Const
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Construc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Construct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoCl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClose
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoCloses
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosest
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMatc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMatch
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMatch_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMatch_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMatch_Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMatch_Thi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMatch_This
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Cl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Clo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Clos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Close
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Closes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Closest
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Co
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Con
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Cons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Const
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Construc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Construct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoCl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClose
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoCloses
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosest
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMatc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMatch
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMatch_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMatch_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMatch_Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMatch_Thi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMatch_This
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thi
accepted IDENTIFIER this
accepted THIS this
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER sh
accepted IDENTIFIER sho
accepted IDENTIFIER shor
accepted IDENTIFIER short
accepted SHORT short
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted COMMA ,
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER sh
accepted IDENTIFIER sho
accepted IDENTIFIER shor
accepted IDENTIFIER short
accepted SHORT short
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Cl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Clo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Clos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Close
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Closes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Closest
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Co
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Con
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Cons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Const
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Construc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Construct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoCl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClose
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoCloses
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosest
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMatc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMatch
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMatch_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMatch_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMatch_Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMatch_Thi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMatch_This
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted COMMA ,
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER sh
accepted IDENTIFIER sho
accepted IDENTIFIER shor
accepted IDENTIFIER short
accepted SHORT short
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Cl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Clo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Clos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Close
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Closes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Closest
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Co
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Con
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Cons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Const
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Construc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Construct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoCl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClose
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoCloses
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosest
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMatc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMatch
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMatch_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMatch_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMatch_Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMatch_Thi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMatch_This
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER sh
accepted IDENTIFIER sho
accepted IDENTIFIER shor
accepted IDENTIFIER short
accepted SHORT short
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted COMMA ,
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMatch_This { public Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMatch_This ( ) { this ( ( short ) 1 , ( short ) 2 ) ; } public Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMatch_This ( int a , short b ) { } public Je_16_ClosestMatch_Constructor_NoClosestMatch_This ( short a , int b ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '('
Error


Test test/Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLengthDec.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Inc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fina
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Ar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Arr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Arra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Array
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayL
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLeng
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLengt
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLength
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLengthD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLengthDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLengthDec
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Inc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fina
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Ar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Arr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Arra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Array
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayL
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLeng
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLengt
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLength
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLengthD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLengthDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLengthDec
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 7
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER l
accepted IDENTIFIER le
accepted IDENTIFIER len
accepted IDENTIFIER leng
accepted IDENTIFIER lengt
accepted IDENTIFIER length
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLengthDec { public Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLengthDec ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int [ ] a = new int [ 7 ] ; - - a . length ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '-'
Error


Test test/Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLengthInc.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Inc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fina
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Ar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Arr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Arra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Array
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayL
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLeng
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLengt
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLength
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLengthI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLengthIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLengthInc
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Inc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fina
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Ar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Arr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Arra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Array
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayL
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLeng
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLengt
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLength
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLengthI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLengthIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLengthInc
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 7
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER l
accepted IDENTIFIER le
accepted IDENTIFIER len
accepted IDENTIFIER leng
accepted IDENTIFIER lengt
accepted IDENTIFIER length
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLengthInc { public Je_16_IncDec_Final_ArrayLengthInc ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int [ ] a = new int [ 7 ] ; a . length + + ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '+'
Error


Test test/Je_16_IncDec_Final_PostDec.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Inc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fina
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Po
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Pos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Post
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_PostD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_PostDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_PostDec
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Inc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fina
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Po
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Pos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Post
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_PostD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_PostDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_PostDec
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER I
accepted IDENTIFIER In
accepted IDENTIFIER Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Inte
accepted IDENTIFIER Integ
accepted IDENTIFIER Intege
accepted IDENTIFIER Integer
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER M
accepted IDENTIFIER MA
accepted IDENTIFIER MAX
accepted IDENTIFIER MAX_
accepted IDENTIFIER MAX_V
accepted IDENTIFIER MAX_VA
accepted IDENTIFIER MAX_VAL
accepted IDENTIFIER MAX_VALU
accepted IDENTIFIER MAX_VALUE
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_16_IncDec_Final_PostDec { public Je_16_IncDec_Final_PostDec ( ) { Integer . MAX_VALUE - - ; } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '-'
Error


Test test/Je_16_IncDec_Final_PostInc.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Inc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fina
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Po
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Pos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Post
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_PostI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_PostIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_PostInc
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Inc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fina
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Po
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Pos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Post
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_PostI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_PostIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_PostInc
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER I
accepted IDENTIFIER In
accepted IDENTIFIER Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Inte
accepted IDENTIFIER Integ
accepted IDENTIFIER Intege
accepted IDENTIFIER Integer
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER M
accepted IDENTIFIER MI
accepted IDENTIFIER MIN
accepted IDENTIFIER MIN_
accepted IDENTIFIER MIN_V
accepted IDENTIFIER MIN_VA
accepted IDENTIFIER MIN_VAL
accepted IDENTIFIER MIN_VALU
accepted IDENTIFIER MIN_VALUE
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_16_IncDec_Final_PostInc { public Je_16_IncDec_Final_PostInc ( ) { Integer . MIN_VALUE + + ; } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '+'
Error


Test test/Je_16_IncDec_Final_PreDec.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Inc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fina
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Pr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Pre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_PreD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_PreDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_PreDec
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Inc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fina
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Pr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Pre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_PreD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_PreDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_PreDec
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted IDENTIFIER I
accepted IDENTIFIER In
accepted IDENTIFIER Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Inte
accepted IDENTIFIER Integ
accepted IDENTIFIER Intege
accepted IDENTIFIER Integer
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER M
accepted IDENTIFIER MA
accepted IDENTIFIER MAX
accepted IDENTIFIER MAX_
accepted IDENTIFIER MAX_V
accepted IDENTIFIER MAX_VA
accepted IDENTIFIER MAX_VAL
accepted IDENTIFIER MAX_VALU
accepted IDENTIFIER MAX_VALUE
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_16_IncDec_Final_PreDec { public Je_16_IncDec_Final_PreDec ( ) { - - Integer . MAX_VALUE ; } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '-'
Error


Test test/Je_16_IncDec_Final_PreInc.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Inc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fina
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Pr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Pre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_PreI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_PreIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_PreInc
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Inc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Fina
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Pr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_Pre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_PreI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_PreIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Final_PreInc
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted IDENTIFIER I
accepted IDENTIFIER In
accepted IDENTIFIER Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Inte
accepted IDENTIFIER Integ
accepted IDENTIFIER Intege
accepted IDENTIFIER Integer
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER M
accepted IDENTIFIER MI
accepted IDENTIFIER MIN
accepted IDENTIFIER MIN_
accepted IDENTIFIER MIN_V
accepted IDENTIFIER MIN_VA
accepted IDENTIFIER MIN_VAL
accepted IDENTIFIER MIN_VALU
accepted IDENTIFIER MIN_VALUE
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_16_IncDec_Final_PreInc { public Je_16_IncDec_Final_PreInc ( ) { + + Integer . MIN_VALUE ; } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '+'
Error


Test test/Je_16_IncDec_StringPostDec.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Inc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_St
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_String
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringP
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPost
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPostD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPostDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPostDec
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Inc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_St
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_String
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringP
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPost
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPostD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPostDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPostDec
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER d
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER d
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_16_IncDec_StringPostDec { public Je_16_IncDec_StringPostDec ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { String d = " 1 " ; d - - ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '-'
Error


Test test/Je_16_IncDec_StringPostInc.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Inc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_St
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_String
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringP
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPost
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPostI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPostIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPostInc
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Inc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_St
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_String
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringP
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPost
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPostI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPostIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPostInc
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER d
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER d
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_16_IncDec_StringPostInc { public Je_16_IncDec_StringPostInc ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { String d = " 1 " ; d + + ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '+'
Error


Test test/Je_16_IncDec_StringPreDec.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Inc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_St
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_String
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringP
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPreD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPreDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPreDec
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Inc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_St
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_String
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringP
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPreD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPreDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPreDec
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER d
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted IDENTIFIER d
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_16_IncDec_StringPreDec { public Je_16_IncDec_StringPreDec ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { String d = " 1 " ; - - d ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '-'
Error


Test test/Je_16_IncDec_StringPreInc.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Inc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_St
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_String
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringP
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPreI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPreIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPreInc
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Inc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_St
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_String
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringP
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPreI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPreIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_IncDec_StringPreInc
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER d
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted DOUBLE_QUOTE "
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted IDENTIFIER d
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_16_IncDec_StringPreInc { public Je_16_IncDec_StringPreInc ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { String d = " 1 " ; + + d ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '+'
Error


Test test/Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_Assign_1.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiAr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArray
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCrea
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_As
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_Ass
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_Assi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_Assig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_Assign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_Assign_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_Assign_1
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiAr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArray
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCrea
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_As
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_Ass
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_Assi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_Assig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_Assign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_Assign_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_Assign_1
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 5
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 120
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_Assign_1 { public Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_Assign_1 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int a = new int [ 5 ] [ 2 ] ; return 120 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '2'
Error


Test test/Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_Null.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiAr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArray
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCrea
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_Nu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_Nul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_Null
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiAr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArray
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCrea
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_Nu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_Nul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_Null
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 5
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER nu
accepted IDENTIFIER nul
accepted IDENTIFIER null
accepted NULL null
accepted NULL_LITERAL null
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_Null { public Je_16_MultiArrayCreation_Null ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int [ ] [ ] [ ] a = new int [ 5 ] [ null ] [ ] ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'null'
Error


Test test/Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToSuper.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_St
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Sta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Stat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Stati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Static
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Ar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Arg
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Argu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Argum
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Argume
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Argumen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Argument
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentTo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToSu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToSup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToSupe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToSuper
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER ex
accepted IDENTIFIER ext
accepted IDENTIFIER exte
accepted IDENTIFIER exten
accepted IDENTIFIER extend
accepted IDENTIFIER extends
accepted EXTENDS extends
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER T
accepted IDENTIFIER Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Thr
accepted IDENTIFIER Thre
accepted IDENTIFIER Threa
accepted IDENTIFIER Thread
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_St
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Sta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Stat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Stati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Static
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Ar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Arg
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Argu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Argum
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Argume
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Argumen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Argument
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentTo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToSu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToSup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToSupe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToSuper
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER su
accepted IDENTIFIER sup
accepted IDENTIFIER supe
accepted IDENTIFIER super
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thi
accepted IDENTIFIER this
accepted THIS this
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToSuper extends Thread { public Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToSuper ( ) { super ( this ) ; } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToThis.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_St
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Sta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Stat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Stati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Static
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Ar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Arg
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Argu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Argum
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Argume
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Argumen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Argument
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentTo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToThis
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_St
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Sta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Stat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Stati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Static
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Ar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Arg
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Argu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Argum
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Argume
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Argumen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Argument
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentTo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToThis
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thi
accepted IDENTIFIER this
accepted THIS this
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thi
accepted IDENTIFIER this
accepted THIS this
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_St
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Sta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Stat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Stati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Static
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Ar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Arg
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Argu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Argum
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Argume
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Argumen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Argument
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentTo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToThis
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_St
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Sta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Stat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Stati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Static
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Ar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Arg
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Argu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Argum
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Argume
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Argumen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_Argument
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentTo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToThis
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER o
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToThis { public Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToThis ( ) { this ( this ) ; } public Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToThis ( Je_16_StaticThis_ArgumentToThis o ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '('
Error


Test test/Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidSuperParameter.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Sup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Supe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Super
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_Inv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_Inva
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_Inval
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_Invali
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_Invalid
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidSu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidSup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidSupe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidSuper
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidSuperP
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidSuperPa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidSuperPar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidSuperPara
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidSuperParam
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidSuperParame
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidSuperParamet
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidSuperParamete
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidSuperParameter
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Sup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Supe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Super
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_Inv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_Inva
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_Inval
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_Invali
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_Invalid
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidSu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidSup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidSupe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidSuper
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidSuperP
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidSuperPa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidSuperPar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidSuperPara
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidSuperParam
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidSuperParame
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidSuperParamet
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidSuperParamete
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidSuperParameter
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER su
accepted IDENTIFIER sup
accepted IDENTIFIER supe
accepted IDENTIFIER super
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidSuperParameter { public Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidSuperParameter ( ) { super ( 42 ) ; } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThisParameter.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Sup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Supe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Super
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_Inv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_Inva
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_Inval
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_Invali
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_Invalid
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThisP
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThisPa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThisPar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThisPara
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThisParam
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThisParame
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThisParamet
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThisParamete
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThisParameter
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Sup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Supe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Super
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_Inv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_Inva
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_Inval
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_Invali
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_Invalid
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThisP
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThisPa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThisPar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThisPara
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThisParam
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThisParame
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThisParamet
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThisParamete
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThisParameter
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thi
accepted IDENTIFIER this
accepted THIS this
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Sup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Supe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Super
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_Inv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_Inva
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_Inval
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_Invali
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_Invalid
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThisP
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThisPa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThisPar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThisPara
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThisParam
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThisParame
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThisParamet
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThisParamete
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThisParameter
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThisParameter { public Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThisParameter ( ) { this ( 42 ) ; } public Je_16_SuperThis_InvalidThisParameter ( String s ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '('
Error


Test test/Je_16_Throw_NoThrows.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Thr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Thro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_NoT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_NoTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_NoThr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_NoThro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_NoThrow
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_NoThrows
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Thr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Thro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_NoT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_NoTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_NoThr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_NoThro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_NoThrow
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_NoThrows
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thr
accepted IDENTIFIER thro
accepted IDENTIFIER throw
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER C
accepted IDENTIFIER Cl
accepted IDENTIFIER Clo
accepted IDENTIFIER Clon
accepted IDENTIFIER Clone
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneN
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNo
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNot
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotS
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSu
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSup
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupp
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSuppo
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSuppor
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupport
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupporte
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupported
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedE
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedEx
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedExc
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedExce
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedExcep
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedExcept
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedExcepti
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedExceptio
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedException
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_16_Throw_NoThrows { public Je_16_Throw_NoThrows ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { throw new CloneNotSupportedException ( ) ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'new'
Error


Test test/Je_16_Throw_NotSubclass.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Thr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Thro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_Not
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_NotS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_NotSu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_NotSub
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_NotSubc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_NotSubcl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_NotSubcla
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_NotSubclas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_NotSubclass
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Thr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Thro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_Not
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_NotS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_NotSu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_NotSub
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_NotSubc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_NotSubcl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_NotSubcla
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_NotSubclas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_NotSubclass
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thr
accepted IDENTIFIER thro
accepted IDENTIFIER throw
accepted IDENTIFIER throws
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER C
accepted IDENTIFIER Cl
accepted IDENTIFIER Clo
accepted IDENTIFIER Clon
accepted IDENTIFIER Clone
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneN
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNo
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNot
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotS
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSu
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSup
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupp
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSuppo
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSuppor
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupport
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupporte
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupported
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedE
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedEx
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedExc
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedExce
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedExcep
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedExcept
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedExcepti
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedExceptio
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedException
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thr
accepted IDENTIFIER thro
accepted IDENTIFIER throw
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER E
accepted IDENTIFIER Ex
accepted IDENTIFIER Exc
accepted IDENTIFIER Exce
accepted IDENTIFIER Excep
accepted IDENTIFIER Except
accepted IDENTIFIER Excepti
accepted IDENTIFIER Exceptio
accepted IDENTIFIER Exception
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_16_Throw_NotSubclass { public Je_16_Throw_NotSubclass ( ) { } public static int test ( ) throws CloneNotSupportedException { throw new Exception ( ) ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'throws'
Error


Test test/Je_16_Throw_SimpleType.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Thr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Thro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_Si
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_Sim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_Simp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_Simpl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_Simple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_SimpleT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_SimpleTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_SimpleTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_SimpleType
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Thr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Thro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_Si
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_Sim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_Simp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_Simpl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_Simple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_SimpleT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_SimpleTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_SimpleTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_SimpleType
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thr
accepted IDENTIFIER thro
accepted IDENTIFIER throw
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_16_Throw_SimpleType { public Je_16_Throw_SimpleType ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { throw 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '123'
Error


Test test/Je_16_Throws_This.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Thr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Thro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throws
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throws_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throws_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throws_Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throws_Thi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throws_This
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Thr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Thro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throws
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throws_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throws_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throws_Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throws_Thi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throws_This
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thr
accepted IDENTIFIER thro
accepted IDENTIFIER throw
accepted IDENTIFIER throws
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER C
accepted IDENTIFIER Cl
accepted IDENTIFIER Clo
accepted IDENTIFIER Clon
accepted IDENTIFIER Clone
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneN
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNo
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNot
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotS
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSu
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSup
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupp
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSuppo
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSuppor
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupport
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupporte
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupported
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedE
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedEx
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedExc
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedExce
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedExcep
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedExcept
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedExcepti
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedExceptio
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedException
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Thr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Thro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throws
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throws_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throws_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throws_Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throws_Thi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throws_This
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thi
accepted IDENTIFIER this
accepted THIS this
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 100
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_16_Throws_This { public Je_16_Throws_This ( int i ) throws CloneNotSupportedException { } public Je_16_Throws_This ( ) { this ( 100 ) ; } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'throws'
Error


Test test/Je_16_Throw_ThrowsNotSuperclass.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER im
accepted IDENTIFIER imp
accepted IDENTIFIER impo
accepted IDENTIFIER impor
accepted IDENTIFIER import
accepted IMPORT import
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted IDENTIFIER ja
accepted IDENTIFIER jav
accepted IDENTIFIER java
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER io
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER F
accepted IDENTIFIER Fi
accepted IDENTIFIER Fil
accepted IDENTIFIER File
accepted IDENTIFIER FileN
accepted IDENTIFIER FileNo
accepted IDENTIFIER FileNot
accepted IDENTIFIER FileNotF
accepted IDENTIFIER FileNotFo
accepted IDENTIFIER FileNotFou
accepted IDENTIFIER FileNotFoun
accepted IDENTIFIER FileNotFound
accepted IDENTIFIER FileNotFoundE
accepted IDENTIFIER FileNotFoundEx
accepted IDENTIFIER FileNotFoundExc
accepted IDENTIFIER FileNotFoundExce
accepted IDENTIFIER FileNotFoundExcep
accepted IDENTIFIER FileNotFoundExcept
accepted IDENTIFIER FileNotFoundExcepti
accepted IDENTIFIER FileNotFoundExceptio
accepted IDENTIFIER FileNotFoundException
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Thr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Thro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_Thr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_Thro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_Throw
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_Throws
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_ThrowsN
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_ThrowsNo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_ThrowsNot
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_ThrowsNotS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_ThrowsNotSu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_ThrowsNotSup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_ThrowsNotSupe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_ThrowsNotSuper
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_ThrowsNotSuperc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_ThrowsNotSupercl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_ThrowsNotSupercla
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_ThrowsNotSuperclas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_ThrowsNotSuperclass
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Thr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Thro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_Thr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_Thro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_Throw
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_Throws
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_ThrowsN
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_ThrowsNo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_ThrowsNot
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_ThrowsNotS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_ThrowsNotSu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_ThrowsNotSup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_ThrowsNotSupe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_ThrowsNotSuper
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_ThrowsNotSuperc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_ThrowsNotSupercl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_ThrowsNotSupercla
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_ThrowsNotSuperclas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_16_Throw_ThrowsNotSuperclass
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER ra
accepted IDENTIFIER rai
accepted IDENTIFIER rais
accepted IDENTIFIER raise
accepted IDENTIFIER raiser
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thr
accepted IDENTIFIER thro
accepted IDENTIFIER throw
accepted IDENTIFIER throws
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER C
accepted IDENTIFIER Cl
accepted IDENTIFIER Clo
accepted IDENTIFIER Clon
accepted IDENTIFIER Clone
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneN
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNo
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNot
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotS
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSu
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSup
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupp
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSuppo
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSuppor
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupport
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupporte
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupported
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedE
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedEx
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedExc
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedExce
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedExcep
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedExcept
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedExcepti
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedExceptio
accepted IDENTIFIER CloneNotSupportedException
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thr
accepted IDENTIFIER thro
accepted IDENTIFIER throw
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER F
accepted IDENTIFIER Fi
accepted IDENTIFIER Fil
accepted IDENTIFIER File
accepted IDENTIFIER FileN
accepted IDENTIFIER FileNo
accepted IDENTIFIER FileNot
accepted IDENTIFIER FileNotF
accepted IDENTIFIER FileNotFo
accepted IDENTIFIER FileNotFou
accepted IDENTIFIER FileNotFoun
accepted IDENTIFIER FileNotFound
accepted IDENTIFIER FileNotFoundE
accepted IDENTIFIER FileNotFoundEx
accepted IDENTIFIER FileNotFoundExc
accepted IDENTIFIER FileNotFoundExce
accepted IDENTIFIER FileNotFoundExcep
accepted IDENTIFIER FileNotFoundExcept
accepted IDENTIFIER FileNotFoundExcepti
accepted IDENTIFIER FileNotFoundExceptio
accepted IDENTIFIER FileNotFoundException
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
import java . io . FileNotFoundException ; public class Je_16_Throw_ThrowsNotSuperclass { public Je_16_Throw_ThrowsNotSuperclass ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 42 ; } public void raiser ( int n ) throws CloneNotSupportedException { throw new FileNotFoundException ( ) ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'throws'
Error


Test test/Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrowInConditional.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_U
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Un
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unrea
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreach
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreacha
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachab
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachabl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_Af
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_Aft
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_Afte
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_After
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrow
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrowI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrowIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrowInC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrowInCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrowInCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrowInCond
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrowInCondi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrowInCondit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrowInConditi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrowInConditio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrowInCondition
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrowInConditiona
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrowInConditional
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_U
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Un
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unrea
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreach
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreacha
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachab
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachabl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_Af
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_Aft
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_Afte
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_After
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrow
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrowI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrowIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrowInC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrowInCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrowInCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrowInCond
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrowInCondi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrowInCondit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrowInConditi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrowInConditio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrowInCondition
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrowInConditiona
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrowInConditional
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thr
accepted IDENTIFIER thro
accepted IDENTIFIER throw
accepted IDENTIFIER throws
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER E
accepted IDENTIFIER Ex
accepted IDENTIFIER Exc
accepted IDENTIFIER Exce
accepted IDENTIFIER Excep
accepted IDENTIFIER Except
accepted IDENTIFIER Excepti
accepted IDENTIFIER Exceptio
accepted IDENTIFIER Exception
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thr
accepted IDENTIFIER thro
accepted IDENTIFIER throw
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER E
accepted IDENTIFIER Ex
accepted IDENTIFIER Exc
accepted IDENTIFIER Exce
accepted IDENTIFIER Excep
accepted IDENTIFIER Except
accepted IDENTIFIER Excepti
accepted IDENTIFIER Exceptio
accepted IDENTIFIER Exception
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER el
accepted IDENTIFIER els
accepted IDENTIFIER else
accepted ELSE else
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thr
accepted IDENTIFIER thro
accepted IDENTIFIER throw
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER E
accepted IDENTIFIER Ex
accepted IDENTIFIER Exc
accepted IDENTIFIER Exce
accepted IDENTIFIER Excep
accepted IDENTIFIER Except
accepted IDENTIFIER Excepti
accepted IDENTIFIER Exceptio
accepted IDENTIFIER Exception
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrowInConditional { public Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrowInConditional ( ) { } public static int test ( ) throws Exception { int j = 0 ; if ( j == 0 ) throw new Exception ( ) ; else throw new Exception ( ) ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'throws'
Error


Test test/Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrow.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_U
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Un
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unrea
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreach
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreacha
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachab
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachabl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_Af
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_Aft
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_Afte
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_After
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrow
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_U
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Un
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unrea
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreach
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreacha
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachab
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachabl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_Af
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_Aft
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_Afte
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_After
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrow
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thr
accepted IDENTIFIER thro
accepted IDENTIFIER throw
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER R
accepted IDENTIFIER Ru
accepted IDENTIFIER Run
accepted IDENTIFIER Runt
accepted IDENTIFIER Runti
accepted IDENTIFIER Runtim
accepted IDENTIFIER Runtime
accepted IDENTIFIER RuntimeE
accepted IDENTIFIER RuntimeEx
accepted IDENTIFIER RuntimeExc
accepted IDENTIFIER RuntimeExce
accepted IDENTIFIER RuntimeExcep
accepted IDENTIFIER RuntimeExcept
accepted IDENTIFIER RuntimeExcepti
accepted IDENTIFIER RuntimeExceptio
accepted IDENTIFIER RuntimeException
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrow { public Je_17_Unreachable_AfterThrow ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { throw new RuntimeException ( ) ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'new'
Error


Test test/Je_1_AbstractClass_AbstractConstructor.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER ab
accepted IDENTIFIER abs
accepted IDENTIFIER abst
accepted IDENTIFIER abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER abstract
accepted ABSTRACT abstract
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ab
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstract
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractCl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractCla
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_Ab
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_Abs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_Abst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_Abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_Abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_Abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_Abstract
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_AbstractC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_AbstractCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_AbstractCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_AbstractCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_AbstractConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_AbstractConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_AbstractConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_AbstractConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_AbstractConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_AbstractConstructo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_AbstractConstructor
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER ab
accepted IDENTIFIER abs
accepted IDENTIFIER abst
accepted IDENTIFIER abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER abstract
accepted ABSTRACT abstract
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ab
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstract
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractCl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractCla
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_Ab
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_Abs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_Abst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_Abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_Abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_Abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_Abstract
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_AbstractC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_AbstractCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_AbstractCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_AbstractCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_AbstractConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_AbstractConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_AbstractConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_AbstractConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_AbstractConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_AbstractConstructo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_AbstractConstructor
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public abstract class Je_1_AbstractClass_AbstractConstructor { public abstract Je_1_AbstractClass_AbstractConstructor ( ) ; } eof 
Parsing error at token ';'
Error


Test test/Je_1_AbstractClass_Final.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fi
accepted IDENTIFIER fin
accepted IDENTIFIER fina
accepted IDENTIFIER final
accepted FINAL final
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER ab
accepted IDENTIFIER abs
accepted IDENTIFIER abst
accepted IDENTIFIER abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER abstract
accepted ABSTRACT abstract
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ab
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstract
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractCl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractCla
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_Fi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_Fin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_Fina
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_Final
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ab
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstract
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractCl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractCla
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_Fi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_Fin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_Fina
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractClass_Final
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public final abstract class Je_1_AbstractClass_Final { public Je_1_AbstractClass_Final ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
A class cannot be both abstract and final
Error


Test test/Je_1_AbstractMethod_Body.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ab
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstract
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMet
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_B
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_Bo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_Bod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_Body
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ab
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstract
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMet
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_B
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_Bo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_Bod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_Body
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER ab
accepted IDENTIFIER abs
accepted IDENTIFIER abst
accepted IDENTIFIER abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER abstract
accepted ABSTRACT abstract
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_AbstractMethod_Body { public Je_1_AbstractMethod_Body ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } public abstract int foo ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_AbstractMethodCannotBeFinal.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER ab
accepted IDENTIFIER abs
accepted IDENTIFIER abst
accepted IDENTIFIER abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER abstract
accepted ABSTRACT abstract
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ab
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstract
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMet
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethodC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethodCa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethodCan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethodCann
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethodCanno
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethodCannot
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethodCannotB
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethodCannotBe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethodCannotBeF
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethodCannotBeFi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethodCannotBeFin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethodCannotBeFina
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethodCannotBeFinal
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ab
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstract
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMet
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethodC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethodCa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethodCan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethodCann
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethodCanno
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethodCannot
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethodCannotB
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethodCannotBe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethodCannotBeF
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethodCannotBeFi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethodCannotBeFin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethodCannotBeFina
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethodCannotBeFinal
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fi
accepted IDENTIFIER fin
accepted IDENTIFIER fina
accepted IDENTIFIER final
accepted FINAL final
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER ab
accepted IDENTIFIER abs
accepted IDENTIFIER abst
accepted IDENTIFIER abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER abstract
accepted ABSTRACT abstract
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public abstract class Je_1_AbstractMethodCannotBeFinal { public Je_1_AbstractMethodCannotBeFinal ( ) { } public final abstract void foo ( ) ; } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_AbstractMethod_EmptyBody.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER ab
accepted IDENTIFIER abs
accepted IDENTIFIER abst
accepted IDENTIFIER abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER abstract
accepted ABSTRACT abstract
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ab
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstract
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMet
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_Em
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_Emp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_Empt
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_Empty
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_EmptyB
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_EmptyBo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_EmptyBod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_EmptyBody
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ab
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstract
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMet
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_Em
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_Emp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_Empt
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_Empty
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_EmptyB
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_EmptyBo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_EmptyBod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_EmptyBody
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER ab
accepted IDENTIFIER abs
accepted IDENTIFIER abst
accepted IDENTIFIER abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER abstract
accepted ABSTRACT abstract
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public abstract class Je_1_AbstractMethod_EmptyBody { public Je_1_AbstractMethod_EmptyBody ( ) { } public abstract int foo ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_AbstractMethod_Final.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER ab
accepted IDENTIFIER abs
accepted IDENTIFIER abst
accepted IDENTIFIER abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER abstract
accepted ABSTRACT abstract
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ab
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstract
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMet
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_Fi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_Fin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_Fina
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_Final
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ab
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstract
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMet
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_Fi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_Fin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_Fina
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_Final
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER ab
accepted IDENTIFIER abs
accepted IDENTIFIER abst
accepted IDENTIFIER abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER abstract
accepted ABSTRACT abstract
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fi
accepted IDENTIFIER fin
accepted IDENTIFIER fina
accepted IDENTIFIER final
accepted FINAL final
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public abstract class Je_1_AbstractMethod_Final { public Je_1_AbstractMethod_Final ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } public abstract final void foo ( ) ; } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_AbstractMethod_Static.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER ab
accepted IDENTIFIER abs
accepted IDENTIFIER abst
accepted IDENTIFIER abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER abstract
accepted ABSTRACT abstract
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ab
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstract
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMet
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_St
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_Sta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_Stat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_Stati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_Static
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ab
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Abstract
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMet
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_St
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_Sta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_Stat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_Stati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_AbstractMethod_Static
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER ab
accepted IDENTIFIER abs
accepted IDENTIFIER abst
accepted IDENTIFIER abstr
accepted IDENTIFIER abstra
accepted IDENTIFIER abstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER abstract
accepted ABSTRACT abstract
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public abstract class Je_1_AbstractMethod_Static { public Je_1_AbstractMethod_Static ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } public abstract static void foo ( ) ; } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_Access_PrivateLocal.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Acc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Acce
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Acces
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Pr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Pri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Priv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Priva
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Privat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Private
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_PrivateL
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_PrivateLo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_PrivateLoc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_PrivateLoca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_PrivateLocal
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Acc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Acce
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Acces
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Pr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Pri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Priv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Priva
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Privat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Private
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_PrivateL
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_PrivateLo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_PrivateLoc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_PrivateLoca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_PrivateLocal
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pri
accepted IDENTIFIER priv
accepted IDENTIFIER priva
accepted IDENTIFIER privat
accepted IDENTIFIER private
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Access_PrivateLocal { public Je_1_Access_PrivateLocal ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { private int a = 123 ; return a ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'int'
Error


Test test/Je_1_Access_ProtectedLocal.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Acc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Acce
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Acces
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Pr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Pro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Prot
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Prote
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Protec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Protect
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Protected
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_ProtectedL
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_ProtectedLo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_ProtectedLoc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_ProtectedLoca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_ProtectedLocal
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Acc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Acce
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Acces
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Pr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Pro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Prot
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Prote
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Protec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Protect
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Protected
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_ProtectedL
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_ProtectedLo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_ProtectedLoc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_ProtectedLoca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_ProtectedLocal
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pro
accepted IDENTIFIER prot
accepted IDENTIFIER prote
accepted IDENTIFIER protec
accepted IDENTIFIER protect
accepted IDENTIFIER protecte
accepted IDENTIFIER protected
accepted PROTECTED protected
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Access_ProtectedLocal { public Je_1_Access_ProtectedLocal ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { protected int a = 123 ; return a ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'protected'
Error


Test test/Je_1_Access_PublicLocal.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Acc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Acce
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Acces
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Pu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Pub
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Publ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Publi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Public
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_PublicL
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_PublicLo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_PublicLoc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_PublicLoca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_PublicLocal
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Acc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Acce
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Acces
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Pu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Pub
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Publ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Publi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_Public
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_PublicL
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_PublicLo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_PublicLoc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_PublicLoca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Access_PublicLocal
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Access_PublicLocal { public Je_1_Access_PublicLocal ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { public int a = 123 ; return a ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'public'
Error


Test test/Je_1_Array_Data_Empty.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Arr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Arra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_Da
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_Dat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_Data
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_Data_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_Data_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_Data_Em
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_Data_Emp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_Data_Empt
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_Data_Empty
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Arr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Arra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_Da
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_Dat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_Data
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_Data_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_Data_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_Data_Em
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_Data_Emp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_Data_Empt
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_Data_Empty
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Array_Data_Empty { public Je_1_Array_Data_Empty ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int [ ] x = { } ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '{'
Error


Test test/Je_1_Array_Data.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Arr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Arra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_Da
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_Dat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_Data
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Arr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Arra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_Da
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_Dat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_Data
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted COMMA ,
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted COMMA ,
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted COMMA ,
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 3
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Array_Data { public Je_1_Array_Data ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int [ ] x = { 123 , 1 , 2 , 3 } ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '{'
Error


Test test/Je_1_Array_OnVariableNameInDecl.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Arr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Arra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_O
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_On
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnV
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVari
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVaria
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVariab
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVariabl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVariable
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVariableN
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVariableNa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVariableNam
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVariableName
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVariableNameI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVariableNameIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVariableNameInD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVariableNameInDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVariableNameInDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVariableNameInDecl
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Arr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Arra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_O
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_On
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnV
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVari
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVaria
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVariab
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVariabl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVariable
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVariableN
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVariableNa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVariableNam
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVariableName
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVariableNameI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVariableNameIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVariableNameInD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVariableNameInDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVariableNameInDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Array_OnVariableNameInDecl
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Array_OnVariableNameInDecl { public Je_1_Array_OnVariableNameInDecl ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int a [ ] ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '['
Error


Test test/Je_1_Cast_DoubleParenthese.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Do
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Dou
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Doub
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Doubl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Double
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_DoubleP
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_DoublePa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_DoublePar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_DoublePare
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_DoubleParen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_DoubleParent
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_DoubleParenth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_DoubleParenthe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_DoubleParenthes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_DoubleParenthese
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Do
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Dou
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Doub
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Doubl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Double
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_DoubleP
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_DoublePa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_DoublePar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_DoublePare
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_DoubleParen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_DoubleParent
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_DoubleParenth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_DoubleParenthe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_DoubleParenthes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_DoubleParenthese
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER o
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER nu
accepted IDENTIFIER nul
accepted IDENTIFIER null
accepted NULL null
accepted NULL_LITERAL null
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Cast_DoubleParenthese { public Je_1_Cast_DoubleParenthese ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { Object o = ( ( Object ) ) null ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_Cast_Expression.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Ex
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Exp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Expr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Expre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Expres
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Express
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Expressi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Expressio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Expression
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted TAB 	
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Ex
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Exp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Expr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Expre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Expres
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Express
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Expressi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Expressio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Expression
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER o
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 5
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER nu
accepted IDENTIFIER nul
accepted IDENTIFIER null
accepted NULL null
accepted NULL_LITERAL null
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Cast_Expression { public Je_1_Cast_Expression ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int a = 1 ; Object o = ( 5 - a ) null ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssignment_1.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_L
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Le
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Lef
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Left
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftH
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHand
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSid
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSide
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOf
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAss
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssignm
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssignme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssignmen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssignment
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssignment_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssignment_1
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_L
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Le
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Lef
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Left
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftH
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHand
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSid
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSide
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOf
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAss
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssignm
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssignme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssignmen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssignment
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssignment_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssignment_1
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER o
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted IDENTIFIER o
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER nu
accepted IDENTIFIER nul
accepted IDENTIFIER null
accepted NULL null
accepted NULL_LITERAL null
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssignment_1 { public Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssignment_1 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { Object o ; ( Object ) o = null ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'o'
Error


Test test/Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssignment_2.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_L
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Le
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Lef
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Left
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftH
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHand
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSid
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSide
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOf
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAss
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssignm
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssignme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssignmen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssignment
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssignment_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssignment_2
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_L
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Le
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Lef
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Left
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftH
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHand
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSid
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSide
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOf
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAss
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssignm
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssignme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssignmen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssignment
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssignment_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssignment_2
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER o
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted IDENTIFIER o
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER nu
accepted IDENTIFIER nul
accepted IDENTIFIER null
accepted NULL null
accepted NULL_LITERAL null
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssignment_2 { public Je_1_Cast_LeftHandSideOfAssignment_2 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { Object o ; Object p = ( Object ) o = null ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '='
Error


Test test/Je_1_Cast_NonstaticField.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Nons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Nonst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Nonsta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Nonstat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Nonstati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Nonstatic
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NonstaticF
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NonstaticFi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NonstaticFie
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NonstaticFiel
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NonstaticField
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER va
accepted IDENTIFIER val
accepted IDENTIFIER valu
accepted IDENTIFIER value
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Nons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Nonst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Nonsta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Nonstat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Nonstati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Nonstatic
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NonstaticF
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NonstaticFi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NonstaticFie
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NonstaticFiel
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NonstaticField
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Nons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Nonst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Nonsta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Nonstat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Nonstati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_Nonstatic
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NonstaticF
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NonstaticFi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NonstaticFie
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NonstaticFiel
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NonstaticField
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER va
accepted IDENTIFIER val
accepted IDENTIFIER valu
accepted IDENTIFIER value
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Cast_NonstaticField { public int value = 123 ; public Je_1_Cast_NonstaticField ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int a = ( new Je_1_Cast_NonstaticField ( ) . value ) 123 ; return a ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_Cast_NoParenthesis.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NoP
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NoPa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NoPar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NoPare
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NoParen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NoParent
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NoParenth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NoParenthe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NoParenthes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NoParenthesi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NoParenthesis
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NoP
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NoPa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NoPar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NoPare
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NoParen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NoParent
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NoParenth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NoParenthe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NoParenthes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NoParenthesi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_NoParenthesis
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Cast_NoParenthesis { public Je_1_Cast_NoParenthesis ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int foo = - 123 ; return int - foo ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'int'
Error


Test test/Je_1_CastToArrayLvalue.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastTo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastToA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastToAr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastToArr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastToArra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastToArray
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastToArrayL
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastToArrayLv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastToArrayLva
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastToArrayLval
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastToArrayLvalu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastToArrayLvalue
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastTo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastToA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastToAr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastToArr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastToArra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastToArray
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastToArrayL
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastToArrayLv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastToArrayLva
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastToArrayLval
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastToArrayLvalu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastToArrayLvalue
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER ia
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 5
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER ia
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 5
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER ia
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER ma
accepted IDENTIFIER mai
accepted IDENTIFIER main
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER ar
accepted IDENTIFIER arg
accepted IDENTIFIER args
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER Sy
accepted IDENTIFIER Sys
accepted IDENTIFIER Syst
accepted IDENTIFIER Syste
accepted IDENTIFIER System
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER o
accepted IDENTIFIER ou
accepted IDENTIFIER out
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pri
accepted IDENTIFIER prin
accepted IDENTIFIER print
accepted IDENTIFIER printl
accepted IDENTIFIER println
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastTo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastToA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastToAr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastToArr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastToArra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastToArray
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastToArrayL
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastToArrayLv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastToArrayLva
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastToArrayLval
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastToArrayLvalu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_CastToArrayLvalue
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_CastToArrayLvalue { public Je_1_CastToArrayLvalue ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int [ ] ia = new int [ 5 ] ; int i = ( ia [ 5 ] ) ia ; return 123 ; } public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { System . out . println ( Je_1_CastToArrayLvalue . test ( ) ) ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_Cast_ToMethodInvoke.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_To
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMet
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMethodI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMethodIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMethodInv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMethodInvo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMethodInvok
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMethodInvoke
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_To
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMet
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMethodI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMethodIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMethodInv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMethodInvo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMethodInvok
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMethodInvoke
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_To
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMet
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMethodI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMethodIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMethodInv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMethodInvo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMethodInvok
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMethodInvoke
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER nu
accepted IDENTIFIER nul
accepted IDENTIFIER null
accepted NULL null
accepted NULL_LITERAL null
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_To
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMet
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMethodI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMethodIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMethodInv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMethodInvo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMethodInvok
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cast_ToMethodInvoke
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER nu
accepted IDENTIFIER nul
accepted IDENTIFIER null
accepted NULL null
accepted NULL_LITERAL null
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER y
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Cast_ToMethodInvoke { public Je_1_Cast_ToMethodInvoke ( ) { } public Je_1_Cast_ToMethodInvoke foo ( ) { return null ; } public static int test ( ) { Je_1_Cast_ToMethodInvoke x = null ; Object y = ( x . foo ( ) ) x ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_ClassDeclaration_WrongFileName_Dot.foo.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cla
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Clas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Class
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDecl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDecla
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclara
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclarat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclarati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaratio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_W
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_Wr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_Wro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_Wron
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_Wrong
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_WrongF
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_WrongFi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_WrongFil
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_WrongFile
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_WrongFileN
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_WrongFileNa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_WrongFileNam
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_WrongFileName
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_WrongFileName_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_WrongFileName_D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_WrongFileName_Do
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_WrongFileName_Dot
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cla
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Clas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Class
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDecl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDecla
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclara
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclarat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclarati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaratio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_W
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_Wr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_Wro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_Wron
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_Wrong
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_WrongF
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_WrongFi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_WrongFil
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_WrongFile
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_WrongFileN
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_WrongFileNa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_WrongFileNam
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_WrongFileName
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_WrongFileName_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_WrongFileName_D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_WrongFileName_Do
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassDeclaration_WrongFileName_Dot
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_ClassDeclaration_WrongFileName_Dot { public Je_1_ClassDeclaration_WrongFileName_Dot ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_ClassDeclaration_WrongFileName.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER W
accepted IDENTIFIER Wr
accepted IDENTIFIER Wro
accepted IDENTIFIER Wron
accepted IDENTIFIER Wrong
accepted IDENTIFIER WrongN
accepted IDENTIFIER WrongNa
accepted IDENTIFIER WrongNam
accepted IDENTIFIER WrongName
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER W
accepted IDENTIFIER Wr
accepted IDENTIFIER Wro
accepted IDENTIFIER Wron
accepted IDENTIFIER Wrong
accepted IDENTIFIER WrongN
accepted IDENTIFIER WrongNa
accepted IDENTIFIER WrongNam
accepted IDENTIFIER WrongName
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class WrongName { public WrongName ( ) { } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_ClassDeclaration_WrongFileName_Suffix.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Suf
accepted IDENTIFIER Suff
accepted IDENTIFIER Suffi
accepted IDENTIFIER Suffix
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Suf
accepted IDENTIFIER Suff
accepted IDENTIFIER Suffi
accepted IDENTIFIER Suffix
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Suffix { public Suffix ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimpleType.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cla
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Clas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Class
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassIns
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInsta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstant
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstanti
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantia
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Ins
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Inst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Insta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Instan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Instant
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Instanti
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Instantia
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Instantiat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Instantiate
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimpl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimpleT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimpleTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimpleTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimpleType
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cla
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Clas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Class
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassIns
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInsta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstant
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstanti
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantia
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Ins
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Inst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Insta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Instan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Instant
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Instanti
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Instantia
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Instantiat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Instantiate
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimpl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimpleT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimpleTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimpleTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimpleType
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimpleType { public Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimpleType ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { new boolean ( ) ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '('
Error


Test test/Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimpleValue.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cla
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Clas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Class
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassIns
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInsta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstant
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstanti
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantia
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Ins
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Inst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Insta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Instan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Instant
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Instanti
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Instantia
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Instantiat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Instantiate
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimpl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimpleV
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimpleVa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimpleVal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimpleValu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimpleValue
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Cla
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Clas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Class
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassIns
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInsta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstant
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstanti
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantia
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Ins
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Inst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Insta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Instan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Instant
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Instanti
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Instantia
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Instantiat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_Instantiate
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimpl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimpleV
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimpleVa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimpleVal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimpleValu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimpleValue
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimpleValue { public Je_1_ClassInstantiation_InstantiateSimpleValue ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { new 1 ( ) ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '1'
Error


Test test/Je_1_Declarations_MultipleVars_Fields.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_De
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Dec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Decl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Decla
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declara
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declaratio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declaration
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_Multip
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_Multipl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_Multiple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_MultipleV
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_MultipleVa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_MultipleVar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_MultipleVars
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_MultipleVars_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_MultipleVars_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_MultipleVars_Fi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_MultipleVars_Fie
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_MultipleVars_Fiel
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_MultipleVars_Field
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_MultipleVars_Fields
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted COMMA ,
accepted IDENTIFIER y
accepted COMMA ,
accepted IDENTIFIER z
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_De
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Dec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Decl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Decla
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declara
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declaratio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declaration
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_Multip
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_Multipl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_Multiple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_MultipleV
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_MultipleVa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_MultipleVar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_MultipleVars
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_MultipleVars_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_MultipleVars_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_MultipleVars_Fi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_MultipleVars_Fie
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_MultipleVars_Fiel
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_MultipleVars_Field
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_MultipleVars_Fields
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Declarations_MultipleVars_Fields { public int x , y , z ; public Je_1_Declarations_MultipleVars_Fields ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token ','
Error


Test test/Je_1_Declarations_MultipleVars.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_De
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Dec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Decl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Decla
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declara
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declaratio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declaration
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_Multip
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_Multipl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_Multiple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_MultipleV
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_MultipleVa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_MultipleVar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_MultipleVars
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_De
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Dec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Decl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Decla
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declara
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declaratio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declaration
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_Multip
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_Multipl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_Multiple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_MultipleV
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_MultipleVa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_MultipleVar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Declarations_MultipleVars
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted COMMA ,
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Declarations_MultipleVars { public Je_1_Declarations_MultipleVars ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int i = 0 , j = 10 ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token ','
Error


Test test/Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOctal_1.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Es
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escap
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escape
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1Di
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1Dig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1Digi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1Digit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOcta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOctal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOctal_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOctal_1
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Es
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escap
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escape
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1Di
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1Dig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1Digi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1Digit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOcta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOctal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOctal_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOctal_1
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
Error at char 281<8';
	return 123>
Error


Test test/Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOctal_2.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Es
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escap
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escape
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1Di
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1Dig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1Digi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1Digit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOcta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOctal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOctal_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOctal_2
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Es
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escap
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escape
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1Di
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1Dig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1Digi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1Digit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOcta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOctal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOctal_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOctal_2
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
Error at char 283<8";
	return 123>
Error


Test test/Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOctal_3.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Es
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escap
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escape
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1Di
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1Dig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1Digi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1Digit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOcta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOctal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOctal_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOctal_3
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Es
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escap
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escape
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1Di
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1Dig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1Digi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1Digit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOcta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOctal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOctal_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOctal_3
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
Error at char 281<9';
	return 123>
Error


Test test/Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOctal_4.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Es
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escap
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escape
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1Di
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1Dig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1Digi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1Digit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOcta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOctal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOctal_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOctal_4
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Es
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escap
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escape
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1Di
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1Dig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1Digi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1Digit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOcta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOctal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOctal_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_1DigitOctal_4
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
Error at char 283<9";
	return 123>
Error


Test test/Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOctal_1.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Es
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escap
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escape
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2Di
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2Dig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2Digi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2Digit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOcta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOctal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOctal_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOctal_1
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Es
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escap
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escape
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2Di
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2Dig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2Digi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2Digit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOcta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOctal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOctal_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOctal_1
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
Error at char 281<8';
	return 123>
Error


Test test/Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOctal_2.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Es
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escap
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escape
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2Di
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2Dig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2Digi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2Digit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOcta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOctal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOctal_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOctal_2
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Es
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escap
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escape
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2Di
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2Dig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2Digi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2Digit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOcta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOctal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOctal_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOctal_2
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
Error at char 280<80';
	return 12>
Error


Test test/Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOctal_3.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Es
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escap
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escape
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2Di
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2Dig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2Digi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2Digit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOcta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOctal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOctal_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOctal_3
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Es
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escap
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escape
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2Di
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2Dig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2Digi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2Digit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOcta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOctal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOctal_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_2DigitOctal_3
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
Error at char 282<80";
	return 12>
Error


Test test/Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOctal_1.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Es
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escap
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escape
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3Di
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3Dig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3Digi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3Digit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOcta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOctal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOctal_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOctal_1
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Es
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escap
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escape
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3Di
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3Dig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3Digi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3Digit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOcta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOctal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOctal_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOctal_1
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
Error at char 282<8';
	return 123>
Error


Test test/Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOctal_2.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Es
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escap
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escape
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3Di
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3Dig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3Digi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3Digit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOcta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOctal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOctal_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOctal_2
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Es
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escap
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escape
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3Di
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3Dig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3Digi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3Digit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOcta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOctal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOctal_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOctal_2
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
Error at char 281<80';
	return 12>
Error


Test test/Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOctal_3.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Es
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escap
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escape
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3Di
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3Dig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3Digi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3Digit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOcta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOctal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOctal_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOctal_3
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Es
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escap
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escape
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3Di
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3Dig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3Digi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3Digit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOcta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOctal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOctal_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_3DigitOctal_3
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted SINGLE_QUOTE '
Invalid octal escape 400
Error


Test test/Je_1_Escapes_NonExistingEscape.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Es
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escap
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escape
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_NonE
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_NonEx
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_NonExi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_NonExis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_NonExist
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_NonExisti
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_NonExistin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_NonExisting
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_NonExistingE
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_NonExistingEs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_NonExistingEsc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_NonExistingEsca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_NonExistingEscap
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_NonExistingEscape
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Es
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Esca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escap
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escape
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_NonE
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_NonEx
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_NonExi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_NonExis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_NonExist
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_NonExisti
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_NonExistin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_NonExisting
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_NonExistingE
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_NonExistingEs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_NonExistingEsc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_NonExistingEsca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_NonExistingEscap
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Escapes_NonExistingEscape
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ch
accepted IDENTIFIER cha
accepted IDENTIFIER char
accepted CHAR char
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
Error at char 314<a'; 
	return 12>
Error


Test test/Je_1_Extends_NamedTypeArray.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ex
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ext
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Exte
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Exten
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extend
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Na
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Nam
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Name
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Named
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_NamedT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_NamedTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_NamedTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_NamedType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_NamedTypeA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_NamedTypeAr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_NamedTypeArr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_NamedTypeArra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_NamedTypeArray
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER ex
accepted IDENTIFIER ext
accepted IDENTIFIER exte
accepted IDENTIFIER exten
accepted IDENTIFIER extend
accepted IDENTIFIER extends
accepted EXTENDS extends
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ex
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ext
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Exte
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Exten
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extend
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Na
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Nam
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Name
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Named
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_NamedT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_NamedTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_NamedTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_NamedType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_NamedTypeA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_NamedTypeAr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_NamedTypeArr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_NamedTypeArra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_NamedTypeArray
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Extends_NamedTypeArray extends Object [ ] { public Je_1_Extends_NamedTypeArray ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '['
Error


Test test/Je_1_Extends_SimpleTypeArray.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ex
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ext
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Exte
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Exten
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extend
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Si
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Sim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Simp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Simpl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Simple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_SimpleT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_SimpleTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_SimpleTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_SimpleType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_SimpleTypeA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_SimpleTypeAr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_SimpleTypeArr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_SimpleTypeArra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_SimpleTypeArray
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER ex
accepted IDENTIFIER ext
accepted IDENTIFIER exte
accepted IDENTIFIER exten
accepted IDENTIFIER extend
accepted IDENTIFIER extends
accepted EXTENDS extends
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ex
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ext
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Exte
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Exten
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extend
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Si
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Sim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Simp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Simpl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Simple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_SimpleT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_SimpleTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_SimpleTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_SimpleType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_SimpleTypeA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_SimpleTypeAr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_SimpleTypeArr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_SimpleTypeArra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_SimpleTypeArray
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Extends_SimpleTypeArray extends int [ ] { public Je_1_Extends_SimpleTypeArray ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'int'
Error


Test test/Je_1_Extends_SimpleType.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ex
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ext
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Exte
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Exten
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extend
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Si
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Sim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Simp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Simpl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Simple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_SimpleT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_SimpleTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_SimpleTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_SimpleType
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER ex
accepted IDENTIFIER ext
accepted IDENTIFIER exte
accepted IDENTIFIER exten
accepted IDENTIFIER extend
accepted IDENTIFIER extends
accepted EXTENDS extends
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ex
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ext
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Exte
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Exten
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extend
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Si
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Sim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Simp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Simpl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Simple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_SimpleT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_SimpleTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_SimpleTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_SimpleType
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Extends_SimpleType extends int { public Je_1_Extends_SimpleType ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'int'
Error


Test test/Je_1_Extends_Value.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ex
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ext
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Exte
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Exten
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extend
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_V
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Va
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Val
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Valu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Value
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER ex
accepted IDENTIFIER ext
accepted IDENTIFIER exte
accepted IDENTIFIER exten
accepted IDENTIFIER extend
accepted IDENTIFIER extends
accepted EXTENDS extends
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ex
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ext
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Exte
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Exten
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extend
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_V
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Va
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Val
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Valu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Extends_Value
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Extends_Value extends 4 { public Je_1_Extends_Value ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '4'
Error


Test test/Je_1_FinalField_NoInitializer.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Fi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Fin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Fina
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Final
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalF
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalFi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalFie
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalFiel
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalField
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalField_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalField_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalField_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalField_NoI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalField_NoIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalField_NoIni
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalField_NoInit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalField_NoIniti
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalField_NoInitia
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalField_NoInitial
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalField_NoInitiali
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalField_NoInitializ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalField_NoInitialize
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalField_NoInitializer
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fi
accepted IDENTIFIER fin
accepted IDENTIFIER fina
accepted IDENTIFIER final
accepted FINAL final
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Fi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Fin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Fina
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Final
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalF
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalFi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalFie
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalFiel
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalField
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalField_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalField_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalField_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalField_NoI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalField_NoIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalField_NoIni
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalField_NoInit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalField_NoIniti
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalField_NoInitia
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalField_NoInitial
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalField_NoInitiali
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalField_NoInitializ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalField_NoInitialize
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_FinalField_NoInitializer
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_FinalField_NoInitializer { public final int a ; public Je_1_FinalField_NoInitializer ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_For_DeclarationInUpdate.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Fo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_De
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Dec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Decl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Decla
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Declar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Declara
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Declarat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Declarati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Declaratio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Declaration
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_DeclarationI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_DeclarationIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_DeclarationInU
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_DeclarationInUp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_DeclarationInUpd
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_DeclarationInUpda
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_DeclarationInUpdat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_DeclarationInUpdate
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Fo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_De
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Dec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Decl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Decla
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Declar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Declara
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Declarat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Declarati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Declaratio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Declaration
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_DeclarationI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_DeclarationIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_DeclarationInU
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_DeclarationInUp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_DeclarationInUpd
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_DeclarationInUpda
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_DeclarationInUpdat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_DeclarationInUpdate
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER for
accepted FOR for
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_For_DeclarationInUpdate { public Je_1_For_DeclarationInUpdate ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { for ( int i = 0 ; i < 10 ; int j = i ) { } return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'int'
Error


Test test/Je_1_Formals_Final.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Fo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Form
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Forma
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Fi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Fin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Fina
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Final
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Fo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Form
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Forma
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Fi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Fin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Fina
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Final
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fi
accepted IDENTIFIER fin
accepted IDENTIFIER fina
accepted IDENTIFIER final
accepted FINAL final
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Formals_Final { public Je_1_Formals_Final ( ) { } public int m ( final int x ) { return 123 ; } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'final'
Error


Test test/Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Constructor.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Fo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Form
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Forma
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Ini
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Init
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initia
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initial
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initiali
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initialize
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Co
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Con
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Cons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Const
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Constr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Constru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Construc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Construct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Constructo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Constructor
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Fo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Form
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Forma
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Ini
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Init
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initia
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initial
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initiali
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initialize
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Co
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Con
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Cons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Const
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Constr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Constru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Construc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Construct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Constructo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Constructor
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER ab
accepted IDENTIFIER abc
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Constructor { public Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Constructor ( int abc = 123 ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '='
Error


Test test/Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Method.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Fo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Form
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Forma
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Ini
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Init
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initia
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initial
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initiali
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initialize
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Me
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Met
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Meth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Metho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Method
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Fo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Form
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Forma
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Ini
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Init
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initia
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initial
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initiali
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initialize
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Me
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Met
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Meth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Metho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Method
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Method { public Je_1_Formals_Initializer_Method ( ) { } public static int test ( int i = 123 ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '='
Error


Test test/Je_1_For_MultipleDeclarationsInInit.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Fo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Multip
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Multipl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Multiple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDecl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDecla
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDeclar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDeclara
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDeclarat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDeclarati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDeclaratio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDeclaration
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDeclarations
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDeclarationsI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDeclarationsIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDeclarationsInI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDeclarationsInIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDeclarationsInIni
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDeclarationsInInit
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Fo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Multip
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Multipl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Multiple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDecl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDecla
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDeclar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDeclara
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDeclarat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDeclarati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDeclaratio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDeclaration
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDeclarations
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDeclarationsI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDeclarationsIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDeclarationsInI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDeclarationsInIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDeclarationsInIni
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleDeclarationsInInit
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER for
accepted FOR for
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted COMMA ,
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_For_MultipleDeclarationsInInit { public Je_1_For_MultipleDeclarationsInInit ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { for ( int i = 0 , j = 10 ; i < j ; i = i + 1 ) { } return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token ','
Error


Test test/Je_1_For_MultipleUpdates.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Fo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Multip
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Multipl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Multiple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleU
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleUp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleUpd
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleUpda
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleUpdat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleUpdate
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleUpdates
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Fo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Multip
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Multipl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Multiple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleU
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleUp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleUpd
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleUpda
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleUpdat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleUpdate
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_MultipleUpdates
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER for
accepted FOR for
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted COMMA ,
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_For_MultipleUpdates { public Je_1_For_MultipleUpdates ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { for ( int i = 0 ; i < 10 ; i = i + 1 , i = i + 2 ) { } return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_For_NotAStatementInUpdate.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Fo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Not
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotAS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotASt
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotASta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotAStat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotAState
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotAStatem
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotAStateme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotAStatemen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotAStatement
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotAStatementI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotAStatementIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotAStatementInU
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotAStatementInUp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotAStatementInUpd
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotAStatementInUpda
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotAStatementInUpdat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotAStatementInUpdate
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Fo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Not
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotAS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotASt
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotASta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotAStat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotAState
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotAStatem
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotAStateme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotAStatemen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotAStatement
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotAStatementI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotAStatementIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotAStatementInU
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotAStatementInUp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotAStatementInUpd
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotAStatementInUpda
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotAStatementInUpdat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_NotAStatementInUpdate
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER for
accepted FOR for
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fa
accepted IDENTIFIER fal
accepted IDENTIFIER fals
accepted IDENTIFIER false
accepted BOOLEAN_LITERAL_FALSE false
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER tr
accepted IDENTIFIER tru
accepted IDENTIFIER true
accepted BOOLEAN_LITERAL_TRUE true
accepted BOOL_OP_EAGER_OR |
accepted BOOL_OP_OR ||
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER tr
accepted IDENTIFIER tru
accepted IDENTIFIER true
accepted BOOLEAN_LITERAL_TRUE true
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_For_NotAStatementInUpdate { public Je_1_For_NotAStatementInUpdate ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { for ( boolean b = false ; b ; true || true ) ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '||'
Error


Test test/Je_1_For_PrimaryExpInInit.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Fo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Pr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Pri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Prim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Prima
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Primar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Primary
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryE
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryEx
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryExp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryExpI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryExpIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryExpInI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryExpInIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryExpInIni
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryExpInInit
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Fo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Pr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Pri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Prim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Prima
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Primar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Primary
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryE
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryEx
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryExp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryExpI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryExpIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryExpInI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryExpInIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryExpInIni
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryExpInInit
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER for
accepted FOR for
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 7
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_For_PrimaryExpInInit { public Je_1_For_PrimaryExpInInit ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int x = 0 ; for ( 7 ; x < 10 ; x = x + 1 ) { } return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token ';'
Error


Test test/Je_1_For_PrimaryExpInUpdate.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Fo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Pr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Pri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Prim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Prima
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Primar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Primary
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryE
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryEx
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryExp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryExpI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryExpIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryExpInU
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryExpInUp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryExpInUpd
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryExpInUpda
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryExpInUpdat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryExpInUpdate
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Fo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Pr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Pri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Prim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Prima
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Primar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Primary
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryE
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryEx
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryExp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryExpI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryExpIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryExpInU
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryExpInUp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryExpInUpd
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryExpInUpda
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryExpInUpdat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_PrimaryExpInUpdate
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER for
accepted FOR for
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_For_PrimaryExpInUpdate { public Je_1_For_PrimaryExpInUpdate ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int x = 0 ; for ( x = 1 ; x < 10 ; 42 ) { } return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token ')'
Error


Test test/Je_1_For_StatementInInit.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Fo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_St
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Sta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Stat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_State
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Statem
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Stateme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Statemen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Statement
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_StatementI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_StatementIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_StatementInI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_StatementInIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_StatementInIni
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_StatementInInit
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Fo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_St
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Sta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Stat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_State
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Statem
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Stateme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Statemen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_Statement
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_StatementI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_StatementIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_StatementInI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_StatementInIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_StatementInIni
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_For_StatementInInit
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER for
accepted FOR for
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted SPACE  
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_For_StatementInInit { public Je_1_For_StatementInInit ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int a = 1 ; int i = 1 ; for ( if ( a == 2 ) i = 2 ; i < 2 ; i = i + 1 ) { a = 123 ; } return a ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'if'
Error


Test test/Je_1_Identifiers_Goto.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Id
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ide
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Iden
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ident
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identif
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifie
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifier
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifiers
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifiers_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifiers_G
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifiers_Go
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifiers_Got
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifiers_Goto
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Id
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ide
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Iden
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ident
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identif
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifie
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifier
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifiers
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifiers_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifiers_G
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifiers_Go
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifiers_Got
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifiers_Goto
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER g
accepted IDENTIFIER go
accepted IDENTIFIER got
accepted IDENTIFIER goto
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Identifiers_Goto { public Je_1_Identifiers_Goto ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int goto = 0 ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_Identifiers_Private.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Id
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ide
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Iden
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ident
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identif
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifie
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifier
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifiers
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifiers_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifiers_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifiers_Pr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifiers_Pri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifiers_Priv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifiers_Priva
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifiers_Privat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifiers_Private
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Id
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ide
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Iden
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ident
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identif
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifie
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifier
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifiers
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifiers_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifiers_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifiers_Pr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifiers_Pri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifiers_Priv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifiers_Priva
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifiers_Privat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Identifiers_Private
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pri
accepted IDENTIFIER priv
accepted IDENTIFIER priva
accepted IDENTIFIER privat
accepted IDENTIFIER private
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Identifiers_Private { public Je_1_Identifiers_Private ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int private = 0 ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_Implements_NamedTypeArray.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Im
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Imp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Impl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Imple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implem
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Impleme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implemen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implement
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Na
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Nam
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Name
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Named
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_NamedT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_NamedTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_NamedTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_NamedType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_NamedTypeA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_NamedTypeAr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_NamedTypeArr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_NamedTypeArra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_NamedTypeArray
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER im
accepted IDENTIFIER imp
accepted IDENTIFIER impl
accepted IDENTIFIER imple
accepted IDENTIFIER implem
accepted IDENTIFIER impleme
accepted IDENTIFIER implemen
accepted IDENTIFIER implement
accepted IDENTIFIER implements
accepted IMPLEMENTS implements
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Im
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Imp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Impl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Imple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implem
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Impleme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implemen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implement
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Na
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Nam
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Name
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Named
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_NamedT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_NamedTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_NamedTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_NamedType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_NamedTypeA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_NamedTypeAr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_NamedTypeArr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_NamedTypeArra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_NamedTypeArray
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Implements_NamedTypeArray implements Object [ ] { public Je_1_Implements_NamedTypeArray ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '['
Error


Test test/Je_1_Implements_SimpleTypeArray.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Im
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Imp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Impl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Imple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implem
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Impleme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implemen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implement
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Si
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Sim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Simp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Simpl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Simple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_SimpleT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_SimpleTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_SimpleTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_SimpleType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_SimpleTypeA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_SimpleTypeAr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_SimpleTypeArr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_SimpleTypeArra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_SimpleTypeArray
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER im
accepted IDENTIFIER imp
accepted IDENTIFIER impl
accepted IDENTIFIER imple
accepted IDENTIFIER implem
accepted IDENTIFIER impleme
accepted IDENTIFIER implemen
accepted IDENTIFIER implement
accepted IDENTIFIER implements
accepted IMPLEMENTS implements
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Im
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Imp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Impl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Imple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implem
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Impleme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implemen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implement
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Si
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Sim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Simp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Simpl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Simple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_SimpleT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_SimpleTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_SimpleTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_SimpleType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_SimpleTypeA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_SimpleTypeAr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_SimpleTypeArr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_SimpleTypeArra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_SimpleTypeArray
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Implements_SimpleTypeArray implements int [ ] { public Je_1_Implements_SimpleTypeArray ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'int'
Error


Test test/Je_1_Implements_SimpleType.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Im
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Imp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Impl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Imple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implem
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Impleme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implemen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implement
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Si
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Sim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Simp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Simpl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Simple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_SimpleT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_SimpleTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_SimpleTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_SimpleType
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER im
accepted IDENTIFIER imp
accepted IDENTIFIER impl
accepted IDENTIFIER imple
accepted IDENTIFIER implem
accepted IDENTIFIER impleme
accepted IDENTIFIER implemen
accepted IDENTIFIER implement
accepted IDENTIFIER implements
accepted IMPLEMENTS implements
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Im
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Imp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Impl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Imple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implem
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Impleme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implemen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implement
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Si
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Sim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Simp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Simpl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Simple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_SimpleT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_SimpleTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_SimpleTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_SimpleType
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Implements_SimpleType implements int { public Je_1_Implements_SimpleType ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'int'
Error


Test test/Je_1_Implements_Value.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Im
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Imp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Impl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Imple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implem
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Impleme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implemen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implement
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_V
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Va
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Val
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Valu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Value
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER im
accepted IDENTIFIER imp
accepted IDENTIFIER impl
accepted IDENTIFIER imple
accepted IDENTIFIER implem
accepted IDENTIFIER impleme
accepted IDENTIFIER implemen
accepted IDENTIFIER implement
accepted IDENTIFIER implements
accepted IMPLEMENTS implements
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Im
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Imp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Impl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Imple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implem
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Impleme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implemen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implement
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_V
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Va
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Val
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Valu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Implements_Value
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Implements_Value implements 4 { public Je_1_Implements_Value ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '4'
Error


Test test/Je_1_IncDec_IncDecNotLvalue.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Inc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_Inc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_IncD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_IncDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_IncDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_IncDecN
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_IncDecNo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_IncDecNot
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_IncDecNotL
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_IncDecNotLv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_IncDecNotLva
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_IncDecNotLval
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_IncDecNotLvalu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_IncDecNotLvalue
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Inc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_Inc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_IncD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_IncDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_IncDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_IncDecN
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_IncDecNo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_IncDecNot
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_IncDecNotL
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_IncDecNotLv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_IncDecNotLva
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_IncDecNotLval
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_IncDecNotLvalu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_IncDecNotLvalue
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 5
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_IncDec_IncDecNotLvalue { public Je_1_IncDec_IncDecNotLvalue ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int i = 5 ; - - i + + ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '-'
Error


Test test/Je_1_IncDec_Parenthesized.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Inc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_Pa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_Par
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_Pare
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_Paren
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_Parent
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_Parenth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_Parenthe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_Parenthes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_Parenthesi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_Parenthesiz
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_Parenthesize
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_Parenthesized
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Inc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_Pa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_Par
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_Pare
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_Paren
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_Parent
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_Parenth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_Parenthe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_Parenthes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_Parenthesi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_Parenthesiz
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_Parenthesize
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IncDec_Parenthesized
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 122
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_IncDec_Parenthesized { public Je_1_IncDec_Parenthesized ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int i = 122 ; return + + ( i ) ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '+'
Error


Test test/Je_1_InstanceInitializers.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ins
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Inst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Insta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Instan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Instance
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceIni
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceInit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceIniti
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceInitia
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceInitial
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceInitiali
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceInitializ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceInitialize
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceInitializer
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceInitializers
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ins
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Inst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Insta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Instan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Instance
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceIni
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceInit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceIniti
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceInitia
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceInitial
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceInitiali
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceInitializ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceInitialize
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceInitializer
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceInitializers
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_InstanceInitializers { public Je_1_InstanceInitializers ( ) { } public int x ; { x = 123 ; } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '{'
Error


Test test/Je_1_InstanceOf_Null.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ins
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Inst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Insta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Instan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Instance
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_Nu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_Nul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_Null
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ins
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Inst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Insta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Instan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Instance
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_Nu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_Nul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_Null
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER o
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER o
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER ins
accepted IDENTIFIER inst
accepted IDENTIFIER insta
accepted IDENTIFIER instan
accepted IDENTIFIER instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER instance
accepted IDENTIFIER instanceo
accepted IDENTIFIER instanceof
accepted INSTANCEOF instanceof
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER nu
accepted IDENTIFIER nul
accepted IDENTIFIER null
accepted NULL null
accepted NULL_LITERAL null
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 100
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_InstanceOf_Null { public Je_1_InstanceOf_Null ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { Object o = new Object ( ) ; if ( o instanceof null ) return 100 ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'null'
Error


Test test/Je_1_InstanceOf_Primitive.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ins
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Inst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Insta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Instan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Instance
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_Pr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_Pri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_Prim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_Primi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_Primit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_Primiti
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_Primitiv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_Primitive
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ins
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Inst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Insta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Instan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Instance
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_Pr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_Pri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_Prim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_Primi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_Primit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_Primiti
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_Primitiv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_Primitive
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER ins
accepted IDENTIFIER inst
accepted IDENTIFIER insta
accepted IDENTIFIER instan
accepted IDENTIFIER instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER instance
accepted IDENTIFIER instanceo
accepted IDENTIFIER instanceof
accepted INSTANCEOF instanceof
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_InstanceOf_Primitive { public Je_1_InstanceOf_Primitive ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int a = 0 ; if ( a instanceof int ) return 42 ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token ')'
Error


Test test/Je_1_InstanceOf_Void.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ins
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Inst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Insta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Instan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Instance
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_V
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_Vo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_Voi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_Void
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ins
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Inst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Insta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Instan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Instance
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_V
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_Vo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_Voi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_InstanceOf_Void
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER o
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER o
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER ins
accepted IDENTIFIER inst
accepted IDENTIFIER insta
accepted IDENTIFIER instan
accepted IDENTIFIER instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER instance
accepted IDENTIFIER instanceo
accepted IDENTIFIER instanceof
accepted INSTANCEOF instanceof
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_InstanceOf_Void { public Je_1_InstanceOf_Void ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } public boolean foo ( Object o ) { return o instanceof void ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'void'
Error


Test test/Je_1_Interface_ConstructorAbstract.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted IDENTIFIER inte
accepted IDENTIFIER inter
accepted IDENTIFIER interf
accepted IDENTIFIER interfa
accepted IDENTIFIER interfac
accepted IDENTIFIER interface
accepted INTERFACE interface
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Inte
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Inter
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interf
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interfa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interfac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Co
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Con
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Cons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Const
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Constr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Constru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Construc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Construct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Constructo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Constructor
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_ConstructorA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_ConstructorAb
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_ConstructorAbs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_ConstructorAbst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_ConstructorAbstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_ConstructorAbstra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_ConstructorAbstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_ConstructorAbstract
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Inte
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Inter
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interf
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interfa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interfac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Co
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Con
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Cons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Const
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Constr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Constru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Construc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Construct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Constructo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Constructor
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_ConstructorA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_ConstructorAb
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_ConstructorAbs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_ConstructorAbst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_ConstructorAbstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_ConstructorAbstra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_ConstructorAbstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_ConstructorAbstract
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public interface Je_1_Interface_ConstructorAbstract { public Je_1_Interface_ConstructorAbstract ( ) ; public int test ( ) ; } eof 
Parsing error at token '('
Error


Test test/Je_1_Interface_ConstructorBody.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted IDENTIFIER inte
accepted IDENTIFIER inter
accepted IDENTIFIER interf
accepted IDENTIFIER interfa
accepted IDENTIFIER interfac
accepted IDENTIFIER interface
accepted INTERFACE interface
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Inte
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Inter
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interf
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interfa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interfac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Co
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Con
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Cons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Const
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Constr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Constru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Construc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Construct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Constructo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Constructor
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_ConstructorB
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_ConstructorBo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_ConstructorBod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_ConstructorBody
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Inte
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Inter
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interf
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interfa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interfac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Co
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Con
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Cons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Const
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Constr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Constru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Construc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Construct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Constructo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Constructor
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_ConstructorB
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_ConstructorBo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_ConstructorBod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_ConstructorBody
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public interface Je_1_Interface_ConstructorBody { public Je_1_Interface_ConstructorBody ( ) { } public int test ( ) ; } eof 
Parsing error at token '('
Error


Test test/Je_1_Interface_Field.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted IDENTIFIER inte
accepted IDENTIFIER inter
accepted IDENTIFIER interf
accepted IDENTIFIER interfa
accepted IDENTIFIER interfac
accepted IDENTIFIER interface
accepted INTERFACE interface
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Inte
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Inter
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interf
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interfa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interfac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Fi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Fie
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Fiel
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Field
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fi
accepted IDENTIFIER fie
accepted IDENTIFIER fiel
accepted IDENTIFIER field
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public interface Je_1_Interface_Field { public int field ; } eof 
Parsing error at token ';'
Error


Test test/Je_1_Interface_FinalMethod.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted IDENTIFIER inte
accepted IDENTIFIER inter
accepted IDENTIFIER interf
accepted IDENTIFIER interfa
accepted IDENTIFIER interfac
accepted IDENTIFIER interface
accepted INTERFACE interface
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Inte
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Inter
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interf
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interfa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interfac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Fi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Fin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Fina
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Final
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_FinalM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_FinalMe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_FinalMet
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_FinalMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_FinalMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_FinalMethod
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fi
accepted IDENTIFIER fin
accepted IDENTIFIER fina
accepted IDENTIFIER final
accepted FINAL final
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public interface Je_1_Interface_FinalMethod { public final void foo ( ) ; } eof 
An interface method cannot be static, final, or native.
Error


Test test/Je_1_Interface_MethodBody.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted IDENTIFIER inte
accepted IDENTIFIER inter
accepted IDENTIFIER interf
accepted IDENTIFIER interfa
accepted IDENTIFIER interfac
accepted IDENTIFIER interface
accepted INTERFACE interface
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Inte
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Inter
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interf
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interfa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interfac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Me
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Met
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Meth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Metho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Method
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_MethodB
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_MethodBo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_MethodBod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_MethodBody
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public interface Je_1_Interface_MethodBody { public int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '{'
Error


Test test/Je_1_Interface_NoBody.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted IDENTIFIER inte
accepted IDENTIFIER inter
accepted IDENTIFIER interf
accepted IDENTIFIER interfa
accepted IDENTIFIER interfac
accepted IDENTIFIER interface
accepted INTERFACE interface
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Inte
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Inter
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interf
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interfa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interfac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_NoB
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_NoBo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_NoBod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_NoBody
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public interface Je_1_Interface_NoBody eof 
Parsing error at token 'eof'
Error


Test test/Je_1_Interface_StaticMethod.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted IDENTIFIER inte
accepted IDENTIFIER inter
accepted IDENTIFIER interf
accepted IDENTIFIER interfa
accepted IDENTIFIER interfac
accepted IDENTIFIER interface
accepted INTERFACE interface
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Inte
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Inter
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interf
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interfa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interfac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_St
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Sta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Stat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Stati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_Static
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_StaticM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_StaticMe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_StaticMet
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_StaticMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_StaticMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Interface_StaticMethod
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public interface Je_1_Interface_StaticMethod { public static void foo ( ) ; } eof 
An interface method cannot be static, final, or native.
Error


Test test/Je_1_Interface_WrongFileName.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted IDENTIFIER inte
accepted IDENTIFIER inter
accepted IDENTIFIER interf
accepted IDENTIFIER interfa
accepted IDENTIFIER interfac
accepted IDENTIFIER interface
accepted INTERFACE interface
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER W
accepted IDENTIFIER Wr
accepted IDENTIFIER Wro
accepted IDENTIFIER Wron
accepted IDENTIFIER Wrong
accepted IDENTIFIER WrongN
accepted IDENTIFIER WrongNa
accepted IDENTIFIER WrongNam
accepted IDENTIFIER WrongName
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public interface WrongName { } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_IntRange_MinusTooBigInt.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntR
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRang
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_Mi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_Min
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_Minu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_Minus
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_MinusT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_MinusTo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_MinusToo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_MinusTooB
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_MinusTooBi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_MinusTooBig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_MinusTooBigI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_MinusTooBigIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_MinusTooBigInt
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntR
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRang
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_Mi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_Min
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_Minu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_Minus
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_MinusT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_MinusTo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_MinusToo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_MinusTooB
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_MinusTooBi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_MinusTooBig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_MinusTooBigI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_MinusTooBigIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_MinusTooBigInt
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474830
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748300
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483000
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474836
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748364
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483648
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 7
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 77
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 771
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_IntRange_MinusTooBigInt { public Je_1_IntRange_MinusTooBigInt ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 2147483000 - 2147483648 + 771 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_IntRange_PlusTooBigInt.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntR
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRang
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_Pl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_Plu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_Plus
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_PlusT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_PlusTo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_PlusToo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_PlusTooB
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_PlusTooBi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_PlusTooBig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_PlusTooBigI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_PlusTooBigIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_PlusTooBigInt
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntR
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRang
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_Pl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_Plu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_Plus
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_PlusT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_PlusTo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_PlusToo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_PlusTooB
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_PlusTooBi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_PlusTooBig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_PlusTooBigI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_PlusTooBigIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_PlusTooBigInt
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474835
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748352
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483525
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474836
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748364
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483648
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_IntRange_PlusTooBigInt { public Je_1_IntRange_PlusTooBigInt ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 0 - 2147483525 + 2147483648 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt_InInitializer.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntR
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRang
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_To
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_Too
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooB
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt_InI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt_InIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt_InIni
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt_InInit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt_InIniti
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt_InInitia
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt_InInitial
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt_InInitiali
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt_InInitializ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt_InInitialize
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt_InInitializer
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntR
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRang
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_To
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_Too
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooB
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt_InI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt_InIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt_InIni
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt_InInit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt_InIniti
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt_InInitia
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt_InInitial
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt_InInitiali
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt_InInitializ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt_InInitialize
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt_InInitializer
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474836
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748364
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483648
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt_InInitializer { public Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt_InInitializer ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int i = 2147483648 ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntR
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRang
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_To
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_Too
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooB
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntR
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRang
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_To
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_Too
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooB
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474836
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748364
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483648
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474835
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748352
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483525
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt { public Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 2147483648 - 2147483525 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_IntRange_TooBigIntNegated.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntR
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRang
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_To
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_Too
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooB
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigIntN
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigIntNe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigIntNeg
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigIntNega
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigIntNegat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigIntNegate
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigIntNegated
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntR
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRang
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_To
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_Too
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooB
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigInt
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigIntN
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigIntNe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigIntNeg
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigIntNega
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigIntNegat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigIntNegate
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_IntRange_TooBigIntNegated
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474836
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748364
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483648
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474830
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748300
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483000
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 7
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 77
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 771
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_IntRange_TooBigIntNegated { public Je_1_IntRange_TooBigIntNegated ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return - ( 2147483648 ) + 2147483000 + 771 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_JoosTypes_Double.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Jo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Joo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Joos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_Do
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_Dou
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_Doub
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_Doubl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_Double
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Jo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Joo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Joos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_Do
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_Dou
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_Doub
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_Doubl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_Double
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER d
accepted IDENTIFIER do
accepted IDENTIFIER dou
accepted IDENTIFIER doub
accepted IDENTIFIER doubl
accepted IDENTIFIER double
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER y
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER M
accepted IDENTIFIER Ma
accepted IDENTIFIER Mat
accepted IDENTIFIER Math
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER P
accepted IDENTIFIER PI
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_JoosTypes_Double { public Je_1_JoosTypes_Double ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { double y = Math . PI ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_JoosTypes_Float.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Jo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Joo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Joos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_Fl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_Flo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_Floa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_Float
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Jo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Joo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Joos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_Fl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_Flo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_Floa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_Float
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fl
accepted IDENTIFIER flo
accepted IDENTIFIER floa
accepted IDENTIFIER float
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER y
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER F
accepted IDENTIFIER Fl
accepted IDENTIFIER Flo
accepted IDENTIFIER Floa
accepted IDENTIFIER Float
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER M
accepted IDENTIFIER MA
accepted IDENTIFIER MAX
accepted IDENTIFIER MAX_
accepted IDENTIFIER MAX_V
accepted IDENTIFIER MAX_VA
accepted IDENTIFIER MAX_VAL
accepted IDENTIFIER MAX_VALU
accepted IDENTIFIER MAX_VALUE
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_JoosTypes_Float { public Je_1_JoosTypes_Float ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { float y = Float . MAX_VALUE ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_JoosTypes_Long.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Jo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Joo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Joos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_L
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_Lo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_Lon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_Long
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Jo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Joo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Joos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_L
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_Lo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_Lon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_JoosTypes_Long
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER l
accepted IDENTIFIER lo
accepted IDENTIFIER lon
accepted IDENTIFIER long
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER y
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER l
accepted IDENTIFIER lo
accepted IDENTIFIER lon
accepted IDENTIFIER long
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_JoosTypes_Long { public Je_1_JoosTypes_Long ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { long y = ( long ) 42 ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_LabeledStatements.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_L
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_La
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Lab
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Labe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Label
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Labele
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Labeled
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_LabeledS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_LabeledSt
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_LabeledSta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_LabeledStat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_LabeledState
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_LabeledStatem
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_LabeledStateme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_LabeledStatemen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_LabeledStatement
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_LabeledStatements
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_L
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_La
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Lab
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Labe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Label
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Labele
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Labeled
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_LabeledS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_LabeledSt
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_LabeledSta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_LabeledStat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_LabeledState
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_LabeledStatem
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_LabeledStateme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_LabeledStatemen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_LabeledStatement
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_LabeledStatements
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 9
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 99
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER l
accepted IDENTIFIER lo
accepted IDENTIFIER loo
accepted IDENTIFIER loop
accepted COLON :
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER w
accepted IDENTIFIER wh
accepted IDENTIFIER whi
accepted IDENTIFIER whil
accepted IDENTIFIER while
accepted WHILE while
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted COMP_GREATER_THAN >
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_LabeledStatements { public Je_1_LabeledStatements ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int x = 99 ; loop : while ( x > 0 ) { x = x - 1 ; } return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_Literals_Class.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_L
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Li
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Lit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Lite
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Liter
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Litera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Cl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Cla
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Clas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Class
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_L
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Li
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Lit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Lite
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Liter
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Litera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Cl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Cla
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Clas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Class
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted IDENTIFIER ja
accepted IDENTIFIER jav
accepted IDENTIFIER java
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER l
accepted IDENTIFIER la
accepted IDENTIFIER lan
accepted IDENTIFIER lang
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER C
accepted IDENTIFIER Cl
accepted IDENTIFIER Cla
accepted IDENTIFIER Clas
accepted IDENTIFIER Class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER y
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Literals_Class { public Je_1_Literals_Class ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { java . lang . Class y = Object . class ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'class'
Error


Test test/Je_1_Literals_Exponential.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_L
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Li
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Lit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Lite
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Liter
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Litera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Ex
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Exp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Expo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Expon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Expone
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Exponen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Exponent
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Exponenti
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Exponentia
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Exponential
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_L
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Li
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Lit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Lite
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Liter
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Litera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Ex
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Exp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Expo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Expon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Expone
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Exponen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Exponent
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Exponenti
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Exponentia
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Exponential
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER D
accepted IDENTIFIER Do
accepted IDENTIFIER Dou
accepted IDENTIFIER Doub
accepted IDENTIFIER Doubl
accepted IDENTIFIER Double
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER D
accepted IDENTIFIER Do
accepted IDENTIFIER Dou
accepted IDENTIFIER Doub
accepted IDENTIFIER Doubl
accepted IDENTIFIER Double
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 6
accepted DOT .
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 02
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 022
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0221
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 02214
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 022141
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0221415
accepted IDENTIFIER e
accepted IDENTIFIER e2
accepted IDENTIFIER e23
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Literals_Exponential { public Je_1_Literals_Exponential ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { Double x = new Double ( 6 . 0221415 e23 ) ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '0221415'
Error


Test test/Je_1_Literals_Float.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_L
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Li
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Lit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Lite
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Liter
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Litera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Fl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Flo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Floa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Float
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_L
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Li
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Lit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Lite
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Liter
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Litera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Fl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Flo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Floa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Float
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER F
accepted IDENTIFIER Fl
accepted IDENTIFIER Flo
accepted IDENTIFIER Floa
accepted IDENTIFIER Float
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER F
accepted IDENTIFIER Fl
accepted IDENTIFIER Flo
accepted IDENTIFIER Floa
accepted IDENTIFIER Float
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted DOT .
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 6
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 61
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 618
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 6180
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 61803
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 618034
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Literals_Float { public Je_1_Literals_Float ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { Float x = new Float ( 1 . 618034 f ) ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '618034'
Error


Test test/Je_1_Literals_Hex.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_L
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Li
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Lit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Lite
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Liter
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Litera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_H
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_He
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Hex
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_L
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Li
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Lit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Lite
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Liter
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Litera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_H
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_He
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Hex
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted IDENTIFIER x7
accepted IDENTIFIER x7B
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Literals_Hex { public Je_1_Literals_Hex ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 0 x7B ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'x7B'
Error


Test test/Je_1_Literals_Long.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_L
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Li
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Lit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Lite
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Liter
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Litera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_L
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Lo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Lon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Long
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_L
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Li
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Lit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Lite
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Liter
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Litera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_L
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Lo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Lon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Long
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER L
accepted IDENTIFIER Lo
accepted IDENTIFIER Lon
accepted IDENTIFIER Long
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER to
accepted IDENTIFIER toO
accepted IDENTIFIER toOc
accepted IDENTIFIER toOct
accepted IDENTIFIER toOcta
accepted IDENTIFIER toOctal
accepted IDENTIFIER toOctalS
accepted IDENTIFIER toOctalSt
accepted IDENTIFIER toOctalStr
accepted IDENTIFIER toOctalStri
accepted IDENTIFIER toOctalStrin
accepted IDENTIFIER toOctalString
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted IDENTIFIER L
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Literals_Long { public Je_1_Literals_Long ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { String s = Long . toOctalString ( 123 L ) ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'L'
Error


Test test/Je_1_Literals_Octal.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_L
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Li
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Lit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Lite
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Liter
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Litera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_O
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Oc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Oct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Octa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Octal
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_L
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Li
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Lit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Lite
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Liter
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Litera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_O
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Oc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Oct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Octa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Literals_Octal
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 01
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 017
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0173
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Literals_Octal { public Je_1_Literals_Octal ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 0173 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_Locals_Final.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_L
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Lo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Loc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Loca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Local
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Locals
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Locals_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Locals_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Locals_Fi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Locals_Fin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Locals_Fina
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Locals_Final
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_L
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Lo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Loc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Loca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Local
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Locals
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Locals_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Locals_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Locals_Fi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Locals_Fin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Locals_Fina
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Locals_Final
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fi
accepted IDENTIFIER fin
accepted IDENTIFIER fina
accepted IDENTIFIER final
accepted FINAL final
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Locals_Final { public Je_1_Locals_Final ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { final int x = 123 ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'final'
Error


Test test/Je_1_Methods_MissingAccessModifier.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Me
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Met
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Meth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Metho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Method
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_Mi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_Mis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_Miss
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_Missi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_Missin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_Missing
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_MissingA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_MissingAc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_MissingAcc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_MissingAcce
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_MissingAcces
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_MissingAccess
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_MissingAccessM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_MissingAccessMo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_MissingAccessMod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_MissingAccessModi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_MissingAccessModif
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_MissingAccessModifi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_MissingAccessModifie
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_MissingAccessModifier
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Me
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Met
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Meth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Metho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Method
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_Mi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_Mis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_Miss
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_Missi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_Missin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_Missing
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_MissingA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_MissingAc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_MissingAcc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_MissingAcce
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_MissingAcces
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_MissingAccess
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_MissingAccessM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_MissingAccessMo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_MissingAccessMod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_MissingAccessModi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_MissingAccessModif
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_MissingAccessModifi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_MissingAccessModifie
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_MissingAccessModifier
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER ba
accepted IDENTIFIER bar
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Methods_MissingAccessModifier { public Je_1_Methods_MissingAccessModifier ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } int bar ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_Methods_NonAbstractNoBody.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAb
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbstra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbstract
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbstractM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbstractMe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbstractMet
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbstractMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbstractMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbstractMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbstractMethod_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbstractMethod_B
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbstractMethod_Bo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbstractMethod_Bod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbstractMethod_Body
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAb
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbstra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbstrac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbstract
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbstractM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbstractMe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbstractMet
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbstractMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbstractMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbstractMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbstractMethod_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbstractMethod_B
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbstractMethod_Bo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbstractMethod_Bod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonAbstractMethod_Body
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_NonAbstractMethod_Body { public Je_1_NonAbstractMethod_Body ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } public void foo ( ) ; } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_Methods_StaticFinal.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Me
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Met
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Meth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Metho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Method
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_St
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_Sta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_Stat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_Stati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_Static
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_StaticF
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_StaticFi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_StaticFin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_StaticFina
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_StaticFinal
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Me
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Met
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Meth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Metho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Method
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_St
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_Sta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_Stat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_Stati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_Static
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_StaticF
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_StaticFi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_StaticFin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_StaticFina
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Methods_StaticFinal
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fi
accepted IDENTIFIER fin
accepted IDENTIFIER fina
accepted IDENTIFIER final
accepted FINAL final
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Methods_StaticFinal { public Je_1_Methods_StaticFinal ( ) { } public static final int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Assign_2.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiAr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArray
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCrea
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_As
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Ass
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Assi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Assig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Assign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Assign_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Assign_2
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiAr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArray
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCrea
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_As
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Ass
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Assi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Assig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Assign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Assign_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Assign_2
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 5
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 120
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Assign_2 { public Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Assign_2 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { new int [ 5 ] [ 2 ] = 42 ; return 120 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '2'
Error


Test test/Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimension_1.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiAr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArray
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCrea
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Mi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Mis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Miss
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Missi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Missin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Missing
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDime
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimens
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimensi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimensio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimension
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimension_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimension_1
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiAr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArray
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCrea
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Mi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Mis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Miss
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Missi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Missin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Missing
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDime
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimens
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimensi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimensio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimension
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimension_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimension_1
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimension_1 { public Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimension_1 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int [ ] [ ] a = new int [ ] [ 2 ] ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token ']'
Error


Test test/Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimension_2.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiAr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArray
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCrea
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Mi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Mis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Miss
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Missi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Missin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Missing
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDime
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimens
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimensi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimensio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimension
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimension_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimension_2
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiAr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArray
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCrea
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Mi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Mis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Miss
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Missi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Missin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Missing
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDime
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimens
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimensi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimensio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimension
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimension_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimension_2
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimension_2 { public Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimension_2 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int [ ] [ ] a = new int [ ] [ ] ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token ']'
Error


Test test/Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimension_4.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiAr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArray
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCrea
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Mi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Mis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Miss
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Missi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Missin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Missing
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDime
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimens
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimensi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimensio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimension
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimension_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimension_4
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiAr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArray
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCrea
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Mi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Mis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Miss
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Missi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Missin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_Missing
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDime
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimens
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimensi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimensio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimension
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimension_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimension_4
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER ar
accepted IDENTIFIER arr
accepted IDENTIFIER arra
accepted IDENTIFIER array
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimension_4 { public Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_MissingDimension_4 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int [ ] [ ] [ ] array = new int [ 2 ] [ ] [ 2 ] ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '['
Error


Test test/Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_NoType.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiAr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArray
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCrea
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_NoT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_NoTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_NoTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_NoType
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiAr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArray
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCrea
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_NoT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_NoTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_NoTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_NoType
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_NoType { public Je_1_MultiArrayCreation_NoType ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int [ ] [ ] a = new [ 2 ] [ 2 ] ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '2'
Error


Test test/Je_1_MultiArrayTypes_Dimensions.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiAr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArray
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayTypes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayTypes_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayTypes_D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayTypes_Di
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayTypes_Dim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayTypes_Dime
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayTypes_Dimen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayTypes_Dimens
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayTypes_Dimensi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayTypes_Dimensio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayTypes_Dimension
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayTypes_Dimensions
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiAr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArray
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayTypes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayTypes_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayTypes_D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayTypes_Di
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayTypes_Dim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayTypes_Dime
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayTypes_Dimen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayTypes_Dimens
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayTypes_Dimensi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayTypes_Dimensio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayTypes_Dimension
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_MultiArrayTypes_Dimensions
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_MultiArrayTypes_Dimensions { public Je_1_MultiArrayTypes_Dimensions ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int [ ] [ 42 ] a = new int [ 2 ] [ 2 ] ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '42'
Error


Test test/Je_1_NegIntTooLow.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ne
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Neg
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NegI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NegIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NegInt
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NegIntT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NegIntTo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NegIntToo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NegIntTooL
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NegIntTooLo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NegIntTooLow
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ne
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Neg
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NegI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NegIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NegInt
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NegIntT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NegIntTo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NegIntToo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NegIntTooL
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NegIntTooLo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NegIntTooLow
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 21474836
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 214748364
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2147483649
accepted SPACE  
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 7
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER ma
accepted IDENTIFIER mai
accepted IDENTIFIER main
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted IDENTIFIER ar
accepted IDENTIFIER arg
accepted IDENTIFIER args
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER Sy
accepted IDENTIFIER Sys
accepted IDENTIFIER Syst
accepted IDENTIFIER Syste
accepted IDENTIFIER System
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER o
accepted IDENTIFIER ou
accepted IDENTIFIER out
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pri
accepted IDENTIFIER prin
accepted IDENTIFIER print
accepted IDENTIFIER printl
accepted IDENTIFIER println
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Ne
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Neg
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NegI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NegIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NegInt
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NegIntT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NegIntTo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NegIntToo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NegIntTooL
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NegIntTooLo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NegIntTooLow
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_NegIntTooLow { public Je_1_NegIntTooLow ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { if ( - 2147483649 < - 1 ) return 123 ; return 7 ; } public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { System . out . println ( Je_1_NegIntTooLow . test ( ) ) ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_BitwiseAnd.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_As
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Ass
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignm
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignmen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignment
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOper
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_B
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bitw
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bitwi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bitwis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bitwise
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_BitwiseA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_BitwiseAn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_BitwiseAnd
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_As
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Ass
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignm
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignmen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignment
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOper
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_B
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bitw
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bitwi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bitwis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bitwise
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_BitwiseA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_BitwiseAn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_BitwiseAnd
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 127
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted BOOL_OP_EAGER_AND &
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 25
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 251
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_BitwiseAnd { public Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_BitwiseAnd ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int x = 127 ; x & = 251 ; return x ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '&'
Error


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_BitwiseOr.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_As
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Ass
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignm
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignmen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignment
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOper
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_B
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bitw
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bitwi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bitwis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bitwise
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_BitwiseO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_BitwiseOr
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_As
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Ass
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignm
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignmen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignment
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOper
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_B
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bitw
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bitwi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bitwis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bitwise
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_BitwiseO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_BitwiseOr
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 9
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 91
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted BOOL_OP_EAGER_OR |
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_BitwiseOr { public Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_BitwiseOr ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int x = 91 ; x | = 42 ; return x ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '|'
Error


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_BitwiseXOR.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_As
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Ass
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignm
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignmen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignment
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOper
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_B
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bitw
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bitwi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bitwis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bitwise
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_BitwiseX
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_BitwiseXO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_BitwiseXOR
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_As
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Ass
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignm
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignmen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignment
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOper
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_B
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bitw
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bitwi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bitwis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Bitwise
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_BitwiseX
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_BitwiseXO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_BitwiseXOR
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER x
Error at char 348<^=81;
	return x>
Error


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Divide.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_As
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Ass
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignm
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignmen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignment
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOper
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Di
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Div
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Divi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Divid
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Divide
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_As
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Ass
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignm
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignmen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignment
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOper
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Di
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Div
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Divi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Divid
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Divide
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 24
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 246
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Divide { public Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Divide ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int x = 246 ; x / = 2 ; return x ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '/'
Error


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Minus.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_As
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Ass
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignm
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignmen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignment
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOper
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Mi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Min
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Minu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Minus
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_As
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Ass
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignm
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignmen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignment
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOper
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Mi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Min
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Minu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Minus
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 16
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 165
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Minus { public Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Minus ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int x = 165 ; x - = 42 ; return x ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '-'
Error


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Multiply.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_As
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Ass
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignm
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignmen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignment
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOper
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Multip
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Multipl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Multiply
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_As
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Ass
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignm
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignmen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignment
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOper
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Multip
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Multipl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Multiply
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 3
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted STAR *
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 41
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Multiply { public Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Multiply ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int x = 3 ; x * = 41 ; return x ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '*'
Error


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Plus.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_As
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Ass
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignm
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignmen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignment
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOper
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Pl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Plu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Plus
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_As
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Ass
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignm
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignmen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignment
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOper
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Pl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Plu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Plus
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 8
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 81
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Plus { public Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Plus ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int x = 81 ; x + = 42 ; return x ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '+'
Error


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Remainder.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_As
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Ass
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignm
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignmen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignment
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOper
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_R
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Re
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Rem
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Rema
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Remai
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Remain
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Remaind
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Remainde
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Remainder
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_As
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Ass
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignm
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignmen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignment
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOper
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_R
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Re
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Rem
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Rema
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Remai
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Remain
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Remaind
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Remainde
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Remainder
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 15
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 153
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1537
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 15375
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted OP_REMAINDER %
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 124
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Remainder { public Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Remainder ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int x = 15375 ; x % = 124 ; return x ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '%'
Error


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ShiftLeft.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_As
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Ass
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignm
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignmen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignment
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOper
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Sh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Shi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Shif
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Shift
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ShiftL
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ShiftLe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ShiftLef
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ShiftLeft
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_As
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Ass
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignm
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignmen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignment
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOper
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Sh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Shi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Shif
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Shift
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ShiftL
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ShiftLe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ShiftLef
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ShiftLeft
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 3
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 30
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN_EQ <=
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 3
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ShiftLeft { public Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ShiftLeft ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int x = 30 ; x < <= 2 ; return x + 3 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '<'
Error


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_SignShiftRight.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_As
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Ass
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignm
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignmen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignment
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOper
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Si
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Sig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Sign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_SignS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_SignSh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_SignShi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_SignShif
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_SignShift
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_SignShiftR
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_SignShiftRi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_SignShiftRig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_SignShiftRigh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_SignShiftRight
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_As
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Ass
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignm
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignmen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignment
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOper
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Si
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Sig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Sign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_SignS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_SignSh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_SignShi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_SignShif
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_SignShift
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_SignShiftR
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_SignShiftRi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_SignShiftRig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_SignShiftRigh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_SignShiftRight
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 49
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 492
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted COMP_GREATER_THAN >
accepted COMP_GREATER_THAN >
accepted COMP_GREATER_THAN_EQ >=
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 24
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 246
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_SignShiftRight { public Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_SignShiftRight ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int x = - 492 ; x > >= 2 ; return x + 246 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '>'
Error


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ZeroShiftRight.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_As
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Ass
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignm
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignmen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignment
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOper
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Z
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Ze
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Zer
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Zero
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ZeroS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ZeroSh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ZeroShi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ZeroShif
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ZeroShift
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ZeroShiftR
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ZeroShiftRi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ZeroShiftRig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ZeroShiftRigh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ZeroShiftRight
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_As
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Ass
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignm
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignmen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Assignment
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOper
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOpera
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperation
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Z
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Ze
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Zer
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_Zero
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ZeroS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ZeroSh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ZeroShi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ZeroShif
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ZeroShift
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ZeroShiftR
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ZeroShiftRi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ZeroShiftRig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ZeroShiftRigh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ZeroShiftRight
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 49
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 492
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted COMP_GREATER_THAN >
accepted COMP_GREATER_THAN >
accepted COMP_GREATER_THAN >
accepted COMP_GREATER_THAN_EQ >=
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 107
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1073
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10737
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 107374
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1073741
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10737415
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 107374157
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1073741578
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ZeroShiftRight { public Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_AssignmentOperations_ZeroShiftRight ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int x = - 492 ; x > > >= 2 ; return x - 1073741578 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '>'
Error


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_Left.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_B
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitSh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShif
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_L
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_Le
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_Lef
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_Left
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_B
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitSh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShif
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_L
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_Le
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_Lef
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_Left
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 3
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 30
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted COMP_LESS_THAN <
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 3
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_Left { public Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_Left ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int x = 30 ; return ( x < < 2 ) + 3 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '<'
Error


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_SignRight.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_B
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitSh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShif
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_Si
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_Sig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_Sign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_SignR
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_SignRi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_SignRig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_SignRigh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_SignRight
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_B
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitSh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShif
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_Si
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_Sig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_Sign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_SignR
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_SignRi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_SignRig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_SignRigh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_SignRight
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 49
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 492
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted COMP_GREATER_THAN >
accepted COMP_GREATER_THAN >
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 24
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 246
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_SignRight { public Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_SignRight ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int x = - 492 ; return ( x > > 2 ) + 246 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '>'
Error


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_ZeroRight.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_B
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitSh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShif
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_Z
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_Ze
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_Zer
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_Zero
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_ZeroR
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_ZeroRi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_ZeroRig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_ZeroRigh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_ZeroRight
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_B
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitSh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShif
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_Z
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_Ze
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_Zer
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_Zero
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_ZeroR
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_ZeroRi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_ZeroRig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_ZeroRigh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_ZeroRight
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 49
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 492
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted COMP_GREATER_THAN >
accepted COMP_GREATER_THAN >
accepted COMP_GREATER_THAN >
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 107
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1073
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10737
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 107374
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1073741
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 10737415
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 107374157
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1073741578
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_ZeroRight { public Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_BitShift_ZeroRight ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int x = - 492 ; return ( x > > > 2 ) - 1073741578 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '>'
Error


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bitwise_Negation.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_B
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bitw
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bitwi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bitwis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bitwise
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bitwise_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bitwise_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bitwise_Ne
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bitwise_Neg
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bitwise_Nega
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bitwise_Negat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bitwise_Negati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bitwise_Negatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bitwise_Negation
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_B
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bitw
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bitwi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bitwis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bitwise
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bitwise_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bitwise_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bitwise_Ne
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bitwise_Neg
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bitwise_Nega
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bitwise_Negat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bitwise_Negati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bitwise_Negatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bitwise_Negation
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 3
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 30
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
Error at char 310<~x;
    }
}

 >
Error


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Break.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_B
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Br
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Brea
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Break
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_B
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Br
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Bre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Brea
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Break
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 11
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 117
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER w
accepted IDENTIFIER wh
accepted IDENTIFIER whi
accepted IDENTIFIER whil
accepted IDENTIFIER while
accepted WHILE while
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted COMP_GREATER_THAN >
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER if
accepted IF if
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER br
accepted IDENTIFIER bre
accepted IDENTIFIER brea
accepted IDENTIFIER break
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Break { public Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Break ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int x = 117 ; while ( x > 0 ) { x = x - 1 ; if ( x == 42 ) { break ; } } return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token ';'
Error


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Choice.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Ch
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Cho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Choi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Choic
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Choice
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Ch
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Cho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Choi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Choic
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Choice
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted COMP_EQ ==
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SPACE  
Error at char 291<? 87 : x; 
    >
Error


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Continue.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Co
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Con
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Cont
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Conti
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Contin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Continu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Continue
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Co
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Con
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Cont
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Conti
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Contin
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Continu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Continue
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 11
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 117
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER w
accepted IDENTIFIER wh
accepted IDENTIFIER whi
accepted IDENTIFIER whil
accepted IDENTIFIER while
accepted WHILE while
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted COMP_GREATER_THAN >
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER co
accepted IDENTIFIER con
accepted IDENTIFIER cont
accepted IDENTIFIER conti
accepted IDENTIFIER contin
accepted IDENTIFIER continu
accepted IDENTIFIER continue
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Continue { public Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Continue ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int x = 117 ; while ( x > 0 ) { x = x - 1 ; continue ; } return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token ';'
Error


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_DoWhile.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Do
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_DoW
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_DoWh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_DoWhi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_DoWhil
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_DoWhile
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_D
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Do
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_DoW
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_DoWh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_DoWhi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_DoWhil
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_DoWhile
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 13
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER d
accepted IDENTIFIER do
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted OP_MINUS -
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER w
accepted IDENTIFIER wh
accepted IDENTIFIER whi
accepted IDENTIFIER whil
accepted IDENTIFIER while
accepted WHILE while
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted COMP_GREATER_THAN >
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_DoWhile { public Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_DoWhile ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int x = 13 ; do { x = x - 1 ; } while ( x > 0 ) ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '{'
Error


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_ExpressionSequence.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Ex
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Exp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Expr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Expre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Expres
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Express
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Expressi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Expressio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Expression
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_ExpressionS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_ExpressionSe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_ExpressionSeq
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_ExpressionSequ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_ExpressionSeque
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_ExpressionSequen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_ExpressionSequenc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_ExpressionSequence
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_E
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Ex
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Exp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Expr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Expre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Expres
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Express
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Expressi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Expressio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Expression
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_ExpressionS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_ExpressionSe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_ExpressionSeq
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_ExpressionSequ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_ExpressionSeque
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_ExpressionSequen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_ExpressionSequenc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_ExpressionSequence
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted COMMA ,
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_ExpressionSequence { public Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_ExpressionSequence ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int i = 0 ; int j = ( i = i + 1 , i ) ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token ','
Error


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_MultipleTypesPrFile.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Multip
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Multipl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Multiple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_MultipleT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_MultipleTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_MultipleTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_MultipleType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_MultipleTypes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_MultipleTypesP
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_MultipleTypesPr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_MultipleTypesPrF
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_MultipleTypesPrFi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_MultipleTypesPrFil
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_MultipleTypesPrFile
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Mu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Mul
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Mult
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Multi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Multip
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Multipl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Multiple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_MultipleT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_MultipleTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_MultipleTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_MultipleType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_MultipleTypes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_MultipleTypesP
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_MultipleTypesPr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_MultipleTypesPrF
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_MultipleTypesPrFi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_MultipleTypesPrFil
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_MultipleTypesPrFile
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_MultipleTypesPrFile { public Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_MultipleTypesPrFile ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } class A { public A ( ) { } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'class'
Error


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_NestedTypes.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Ne
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Nes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Nest
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Neste
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Nested
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_NestedT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_NestedTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_NestedTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_NestedType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_NestedTypes
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Ne
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Nes
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Nest
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Neste
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Nested
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_NestedT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_NestedTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_NestedTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_NestedType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_NestedTypes
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_NestedTypes { public Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_NestedTypes ( ) { } public class A { public A ( ) { } } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'class'
Error


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_PrivateFields.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Pr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Pri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Priv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Priva
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Privat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Private
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_PrivateF
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_PrivateFi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_PrivateFie
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_PrivateFiel
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_PrivateField
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_PrivateFields
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pri
accepted IDENTIFIER priv
accepted IDENTIFIER priva
accepted IDENTIFIER privat
accepted IDENTIFIER private
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Pr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Pri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Priv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Priva
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Privat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Private
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_PrivateF
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_PrivateFi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_PrivateFie
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_PrivateFiel
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_PrivateField
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_PrivateFields
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_PrivateFields { private int x ; public Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_PrivateFields ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'int'
Error


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_PrivateMethods.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Pr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Pri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Priv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Priva
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Privat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Private
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_PrivateM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_PrivateMe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_PrivateMet
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_PrivateMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_PrivateMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_PrivateMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_PrivateMethods
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Pr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Pri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Priv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Priva
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Privat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Private
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_PrivateM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_PrivateMe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_PrivateMet
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_PrivateMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_PrivateMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_PrivateMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_PrivateMethods
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pr
accepted IDENTIFIER pri
accepted IDENTIFIER priv
accepted IDENTIFIER priva
accepted IDENTIFIER privat
accepted IDENTIFIER private
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_PrivateMethods { public Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_PrivateMethods ( ) { } private int m ( ) { return 42 ; } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'int'
Error


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticInitializers.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_St
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Sta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Stat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Stati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Static
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticIni
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticInit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticIniti
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticInitia
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticInitial
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticInitiali
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticInitializ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticInitialize
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticInitializer
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticInitializers
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_St
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Sta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Stat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Stati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Static
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticIni
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticInit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticIniti
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticInitia
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticInitial
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticInitiali
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticInitializ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticInitialize
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticInitializer
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticInitializers
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_St
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Sta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Stat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Stati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Static
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticIni
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticInit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticIniti
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticInitia
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticInitial
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticInitiali
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticInitializ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticInitialize
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticInitializer
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticInitializers
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticInitializers { public Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticInitializers ( ) { } static { Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_StaticInitializers . test ( ) ; } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '{'
Error


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Strictftp.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER str
accepted IDENTIFIER stri
accepted IDENTIFIER stric
accepted IDENTIFIER strict
accepted IDENTIFIER strictf
accepted IDENTIFIER strictfp
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_St
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Stric
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Strict
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Strictf
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Strictft
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Strictftp
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_St
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Stric
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Strict
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Strictf
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Strictft
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Strictftp
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public strictfp class Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Strictftp { public Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Strictftp ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'strictfp'
Error


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SuperMethodCall.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Sup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Supe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Super
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SuperM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SuperMe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SuperMet
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SuperMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SuperMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SuperMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SuperMethodC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SuperMethodCa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SuperMethodCal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SuperMethodCall
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Sup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Supe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Super
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SuperM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SuperMe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SuperMet
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SuperMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SuperMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SuperMethod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SuperMethodC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SuperMethodCa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SuperMethodCal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SuperMethodCall
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER su
accepted IDENTIFIER sup
accepted IDENTIFIER supe
accepted IDENTIFIER super
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER to
accepted IDENTIFIER toS
accepted IDENTIFIER toSt
accepted IDENTIFIER toStr
accepted IDENTIFIER toStri
accepted IDENTIFIER toStrin
accepted IDENTIFIER toString
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SuperMethodCall { public Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SuperMethodCall ( ) { } public String foo ( ) { return super . toString ( ) ; } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Switch.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Sw
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Swi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Swit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Switc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Switch
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Sw
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Swi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Swit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Switc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Switch
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER sw
accepted IDENTIFIER swi
accepted IDENTIFIER swit
accepted IDENTIFIER switc
accepted IDENTIFIER switch
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER ca
accepted IDENTIFIER cas
accepted IDENTIFIER case
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted COLON :
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 2
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Switch { public Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Switch ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int x = 42 ; switch ( x ) { case 42 : return 123 ; } return 2 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '{'
Error


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synchronized.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Sy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Syn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Sync
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synch
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synchr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synchro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synchron
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synchroni
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synchroniz
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synchronize
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synchronized
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Sy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Syn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Sync
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synch
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synchr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synchro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synchron
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synchroni
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synchroniz
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synchronize
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synchronized
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER sy
accepted IDENTIFIER syn
accepted IDENTIFIER sync
accepted IDENTIFIER synch
accepted IDENTIFIER synchr
accepted IDENTIFIER synchro
accepted IDENTIFIER synchron
accepted IDENTIFIER synchroni
accepted IDENTIFIER synchroniz
accepted IDENTIFIER synchronize
accepted IDENTIFIER synchronized
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synchronized { public Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synchronized ( ) { } public synchronized void m ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'void'
Error


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SynchronizedStatement.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Sy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Syn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Sync
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synch
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synchr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synchro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synchron
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synchroni
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synchroniz
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synchronize
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synchronized
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SynchronizedS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SynchronizedSt
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SynchronizedSta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SynchronizedStat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SynchronizedState
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SynchronizedStatem
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SynchronizedStateme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SynchronizedStatemen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SynchronizedStatement
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Sy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Syn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Sync
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synch
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synchr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synchro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synchron
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synchroni
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synchroniz
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synchronize
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Synchronized
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SynchronizedS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SynchronizedSt
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SynchronizedSta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SynchronizedStat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SynchronizedState
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SynchronizedStatem
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SynchronizedStateme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SynchronizedStatemen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SynchronizedStatement
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER I
accepted IDENTIFIER In
accepted IDENTIFIER Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Inte
accepted IDENTIFIER Integ
accepted IDENTIFIER Intege
accepted IDENTIFIER Integer
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER I
accepted IDENTIFIER In
accepted IDENTIFIER Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Inte
accepted IDENTIFIER Integ
accepted IDENTIFIER Intege
accepted IDENTIFIER Integer
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 16
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER sy
accepted IDENTIFIER syn
accepted IDENTIFIER sync
accepted IDENTIFIER synch
accepted IDENTIFIER synchr
accepted IDENTIFIER synchro
accepted IDENTIFIER synchron
accepted IDENTIFIER synchroni
accepted IDENTIFIER synchroniz
accepted IDENTIFIER synchronize
accepted IDENTIFIER synchronized
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER I
accepted IDENTIFIER In
accepted IDENTIFIER Int
accepted IDENTIFIER Inte
accepted IDENTIFIER Integ
accepted IDENTIFIER Intege
accepted IDENTIFIER Integer
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SynchronizedStatement { public Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_SynchronizedStatement ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { Integer x = new Integer ( 16 ) ; synchronized ( x ) { x = new Integer ( 42 ) ; } return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '{'
Error


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Transient.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Tr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Tra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Tran
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Trans
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Transi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Transie
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Transien
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Transient
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Tr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Tra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Tran
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Trans
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Transi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Transie
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Transien
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Transient
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER tr
accepted IDENTIFIER tra
accepted IDENTIFIER tran
accepted IDENTIFIER trans
accepted IDENTIFIER transi
accepted IDENTIFIER transie
accepted IDENTIFIER transien
accepted IDENTIFIER transient
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Transient { public Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Transient ( ) { } public transient int x ; public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'int'
Error


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_UnaryPlus.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_U
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Un
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Una
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Unar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Unary
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_UnaryP
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_UnaryPl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_UnaryPlu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_UnaryPlus
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_U
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Un
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Una
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Unar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Unary
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_UnaryP
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_UnaryPl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_UnaryPlu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_UnaryPlus
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted OP_PLUS +
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_UnaryPlus { public Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_UnaryPlus ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { int x = 123 ; return + x ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '+'
Error


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Unicode.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_U
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Un
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Uni
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Unic
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Unico
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Unicod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Unicode
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_U
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Un
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Uni
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Unic
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Unico
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Unicod
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Unicode
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER S
accepted IDENTIFIER St
accepted IDENTIFIER Str
accepted IDENTIFIER Stri
accepted IDENTIFIER Strin
accepted IDENTIFIER String
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
Error at char 292<u16aa";
	return>
Error


Test test/Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Volatile.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_V
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Vo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Vol
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Vola
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Volat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Volati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Volatil
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Volatile
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Non
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoos
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCon
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosCons
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstru
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstruct
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_V
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Vo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Vol
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Vola
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Volat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Volati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Volatil
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Volatile
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER vol
accepted IDENTIFIER vola
accepted IDENTIFIER volat
accepted IDENTIFIER volati
accepted IDENTIFIER volatil
accepted IDENTIFIER volatile
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Volatile { public Je_1_NonJoosConstructs_Volatile ( ) { } public volatile int x ; public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'int'
Error


Test test/Je_1_PackagePrivate_Class.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Pa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Pac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Pack
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Packa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Packag
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Package
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackageP
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePriv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePriva
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_Cl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_Cla
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_Clas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_Class
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Pa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Pac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Pack
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Packa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Packag
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Package
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackageP
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePriv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePriva
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_Cl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_Cla
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_Clas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_Class
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
class Je_1_PackagePrivate_Class { public Je_1_PackagePrivate_Class ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_PackagePrivate_Field.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Pa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Pac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Pack
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Packa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Packag
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Package
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackageP
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePriv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePriva
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_Fi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_Fie
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_Fiel
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_Field
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER x
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Pa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Pac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Pack
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Packa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Packag
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Package
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackageP
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePriv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePriva
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_Fi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_Fie
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_Fiel
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_Field
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_PackagePrivate_Field { int x ; public Je_1_PackagePrivate_Field ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_PackagePrivate_Method.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Pa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Pac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Pack
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Packa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Packag
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Package
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackageP
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePriv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePriva
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_Me
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_Met
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_Meth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_Metho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_Method
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Pa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Pac
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Pack
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Packa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Packag
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Package
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackageP
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePriv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePriva
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_M
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_Me
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_Met
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_Meth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_Metho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_PackagePrivate_Method
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pa
accepted IDENTIFIER pac
accepted IDENTIFIER pack
accepted IDENTIFIER packa
accepted IDENTIFIER packag
accepted IDENTIFIER package
accepted PACKAGE package
accepted IDENTIFIER packageP
accepted IDENTIFIER packagePr
accepted IDENTIFIER packagePri
accepted IDENTIFIER packagePriv
accepted IDENTIFIER packagePriva
accepted IDENTIFIER packagePrivat
accepted IDENTIFIER packagePrivate
accepted IDENTIFIER packagePrivateM
accepted IDENTIFIER packagePrivateMe
accepted IDENTIFIER packagePrivateMet
accepted IDENTIFIER packagePrivateMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER packagePrivateMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER packagePrivateMethod
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_PackagePrivate_Method { public Je_1_PackagePrivate_Method ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } static void packagePrivateMethod ( ) { } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterBlock.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Sup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Supe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Super
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Sup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Supe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Super
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAf
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAft
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfte
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfter
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterB
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterBl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterBlo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterBloc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterBlock
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Sup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Supe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Super
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Sup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Supe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Super
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAf
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAft
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfte
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfter
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterB
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterBl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterBlo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterBloc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterBlock
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER su
accepted IDENTIFIER sup
accepted IDENTIFIER supe
accepted IDENTIFIER super
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterBlock { public Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterBlock ( ) { { } super ( ) ; } public int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterStatement.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Sup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Supe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Super
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Sup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Supe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Super
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAf
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAft
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfte
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfter
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterSt
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterSta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterStat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterState
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterStatem
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterStateme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterStatemen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterStatement
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Sup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Supe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Super
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Sup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Supe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Super
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAf
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAft
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfte
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfter
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterSt
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterSta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterStat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterState
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterStatem
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterStateme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterStatemen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterStatement
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER su
accepted IDENTIFIER sup
accepted IDENTIFIER supe
accepted IDENTIFIER super
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterStatement { public Je_1_SuperThis_SuperAfterStatement ( ) { int j = 0 ; super ( ) ; } public int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_SuperThis_SuperInBlock.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Sup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Supe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Super
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Sup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Supe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Super
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperInB
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperInBl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperInBlo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperInBloc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperInBlock
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Sup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Supe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Super
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Sup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Supe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Super
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperInB
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperInBl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperInBlo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperInBloc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperInBlock
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER su
accepted IDENTIFIER sup
accepted IDENTIFIER supe
accepted IDENTIFIER super
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_SuperThis_SuperInBlock { public Je_1_SuperThis_SuperInBlock ( ) { { super ( ) ; } } public int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_SuperThis_SuperInMethod.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Sup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Supe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Super
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Sup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Supe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Super
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperInM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperInMe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperInMet
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperInMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperInMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperInMethod
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Sup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Supe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Super
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Sup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Supe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Super
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperInM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperInMe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperInMet
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperInMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperInMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperInMethod
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER su
accepted IDENTIFIER sup
accepted IDENTIFIER supe
accepted IDENTIFIER super
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_SuperThis_SuperInMethod { public Je_1_SuperThis_SuperInMethod ( ) { } public void test ( int foo ) { super ( ) ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_SuperThis_SuperThis.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Sup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Supe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Super
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Sup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Supe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Super
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperThis
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Sup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Supe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Super
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Sup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Supe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Super
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_SuperThis
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER su
accepted IDENTIFIER sup
accepted IDENTIFIER supe
accepted IDENTIFIER super
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thi
accepted IDENTIFIER this
accepted THIS this
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_SuperThis_SuperThis { public Je_1_SuperThis_SuperThis ( ) { super ( ) ; this ( ) ; } public int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '('
Error


Test test/Je_1_SuperThis_ThisAfterStatement.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Sup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Supe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Super
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Thi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_This
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisAf
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisAft
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisAfte
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisAfter
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisAfterS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisAfterSt
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisAfterSta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisAfterStat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisAfterState
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisAfterStatem
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisAfterStateme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisAfterStatemen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisAfterStatement
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Sup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Supe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Super
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Thi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_This
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisA
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisAf
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisAft
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisAfte
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisAfter
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisAfterS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisAfterSt
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisAfterSta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisAfterStat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisAfterState
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisAfterStatem
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisAfterStateme
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisAfterStatemen
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisAfterStatement
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 0
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thi
accepted IDENTIFIER this
accepted THIS this
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_SuperThis_ThisAfterStatement { public Je_1_SuperThis_ThisAfterStatement ( ) { int j = 0 ; this ( ) ; } public int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '('
Error


Test test/Je_1_SuperThis_ThisInMethod.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Sup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Supe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Super
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Thi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_This
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisInM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisInMe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisInMet
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisInMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisInMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisInMethod
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Sup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Supe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Super
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Thi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_This
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisI
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisIn
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisInM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisInMe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisInMet
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisInMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisInMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_ThisInMethod
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thi
accepted IDENTIFIER this
accepted THIS this
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_SuperThis_ThisInMethod { public Je_1_SuperThis_ThisInMethod ( ) { } public int test ( ) { this ( ) ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token '('
Error


Test test/Je_1_SuperThis_TwoSuperCalls.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Sup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Supe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Super
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Tw
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Two
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_TwoS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_TwoSu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_TwoSup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_TwoSupe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_TwoSuper
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_TwoSuperC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_TwoSuperCa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_TwoSuperCal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_TwoSuperCall
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_TwoSuperCalls
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Su
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Sup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Supe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Super
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperTh
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Tw
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_Two
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_TwoS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_TwoSu
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_TwoSup
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_TwoSupe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_TwoSuper
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_TwoSuperC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_TwoSuperCa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_TwoSuperCal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_TwoSuperCall
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_SuperThis_TwoSuperCalls
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER su
accepted IDENTIFIER sup
accepted IDENTIFIER supe
accepted IDENTIFIER super
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER su
accepted IDENTIFIER sup
accepted IDENTIFIER supe
accepted IDENTIFIER super
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_SuperThis_TwoSuperCalls { public Je_1_SuperThis_TwoSuperCalls ( ) { super ( ) ; super ( ) ; } public int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_1_Throw_NotExpression.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Thr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Thro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw_Not
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw_NotE
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw_NotEx
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw_NotExp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw_NotExpr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw_NotExpre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw_NotExpres
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw_NotExpress
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw_NotExpressi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw_NotExpressio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw_NotExpression
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Thr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Thro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw_No
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw_Not
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw_NotE
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw_NotEx
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw_NotExp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw_NotExpr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw_NotExpre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw_NotExpres
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw_NotExpress
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw_NotExpressi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw_NotExpressio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw_NotExpression
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER E
accepted IDENTIFIER Ex
accepted IDENTIFIER Exc
accepted IDENTIFIER Exce
accepted IDENTIFIER Excep
accepted IDENTIFIER Except
accepted IDENTIFIER Excepti
accepted IDENTIFIER Exceptio
accepted IDENTIFIER Exception
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thr
accepted IDENTIFIER thro
accepted IDENTIFIER throw
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER R
accepted IDENTIFIER Ru
accepted IDENTIFIER Run
accepted IDENTIFIER Runt
accepted IDENTIFIER Runti
accepted IDENTIFIER Runtim
accepted IDENTIFIER Runtime
accepted IDENTIFIER RuntimeE
accepted IDENTIFIER RuntimeEx
accepted IDENTIFIER RuntimeExc
accepted IDENTIFIER RuntimeExce
accepted IDENTIFIER RuntimeExcep
accepted IDENTIFIER RuntimeExcept
accepted IDENTIFIER RuntimeExcepti
accepted IDENTIFIER RuntimeExceptio
accepted IDENTIFIER RuntimeException
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Throw_NotExpression { public Je_1_Throw_NotExpression ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { Exception a = throw new RuntimeException ( ) ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'new'
Error


Test test/Je_1_Throws_Array.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Thr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Thro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_Ar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_Arr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_Arra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_Array
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Thr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Thro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_Ar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_Arr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_Arra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_Array
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thr
accepted IDENTIFIER thro
accepted IDENTIFIER throw
accepted IDENTIFIER throws
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER E
accepted IDENTIFIER Ex
accepted IDENTIFIER Exc
accepted IDENTIFIER Exce
accepted IDENTIFIER Excep
accepted IDENTIFIER Except
accepted IDENTIFIER Excepti
accepted IDENTIFIER Exceptio
accepted IDENTIFIER Exception
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Throws_Array { public Je_1_Throws_Array ( ) { } public void foo ( ) throws Exception [ ] { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'throws'
Error


Test test/Je_1_Throws_SimpleType.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Thr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Thro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_Si
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_Sim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_Simp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_Simpl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_Simple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_SimpleT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_SimpleTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_SimpleTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_SimpleType
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Thr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Thro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_Si
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_Sim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_Simp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_Simpl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_Simple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_SimpleT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_SimpleTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_SimpleTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_SimpleType
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thr
accepted IDENTIFIER thro
accepted IDENTIFIER throw
accepted IDENTIFIER throws
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Throws_SimpleType { public Je_1_Throws_SimpleType ( ) { } public void foo ( ) throws int { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'throws'
Error


Test test/Je_1_Throws_Void.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Thr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Thro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_V
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_Vo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_Voi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_Void
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_T
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Th
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Thr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Thro
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throw
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_V
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_Vo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_Voi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Throws_Void
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thr
accepted IDENTIFIER thro
accepted IDENTIFIER throw
accepted IDENTIFIER throws
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_Throws_Void { public Je_1_Throws_Void ( ) throws void { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'throws'
Error


Test test/Je_1_VoidType_ArrayCreation.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_V
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Vo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Voi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Void
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Ar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Arr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Arra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Array
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayCr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayCre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayCrea
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayCreat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayCreati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayCreatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayCreation
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_V
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Vo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Voi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Void
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Ar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Arr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Arra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Array
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayCr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayCre
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayCrea
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayCreat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayCreati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayCreatio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayCreation
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER ne
accepted IDENTIFIER new
accepted NEW new
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 5
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_VoidType_ArrayCreation { public Je_1_VoidType_ArrayCreation ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { Object a = new void [ 5 ] ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'void'
Error


Test test/Je_1_VoidType_ArrayDeclaration.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_V
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Vo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Voi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Void
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Ar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Arr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Arra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Array
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayDecl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayDecla
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayDeclar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayDeclara
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayDeclarat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayDeclarati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayDeclaratio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayDeclaration
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_V
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Vo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Voi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Void
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Ar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Arr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Arra
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Array
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayD
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayDe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayDec
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayDecl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayDecla
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayDeclar
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayDeclara
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayDeclarat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayDeclarati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayDeclaratio
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_ArrayDeclaration
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted OPEN_SBR [
accepted CLOSE_SBR ]
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_VoidType_ArrayDeclaration { public Je_1_VoidType_ArrayDeclaration ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { void [ ] a ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'void'
Error


Test test/Je_1_VoidType_Cast.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_V
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Vo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Voi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Void
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Ca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Cas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Cast
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_V
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Vo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Voi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Void
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_C
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Ca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Cas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Cast
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_V
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_Vo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_Voi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_Void
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_VoidC
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_VoidCa
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_VoidCas
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_VoidCast
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER nu
accepted IDENTIFIER nul
accepted IDENTIFIER null
accepted NULL null
accepted NULL_LITERAL null
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER a
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_VoidType_Cast { public Je_1_VoidType_Cast ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { Je_VoidCast a = null ; Object b = ( void ) a ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'void'
Error


Test test/Je_1_VoidType_Field.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_V
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Vo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Voi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Void
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Fi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Fie
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Fiel
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Field
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_V
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Vo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Voi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Void
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Fi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Fie
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Fiel
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Field
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_VoidType_Field { public void foo ; public Je_1_VoidType_Field ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token ';'
Error


Test test/Je_1_VoidType_Formals.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_V
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Vo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Voi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Void
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Fo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_For
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Form
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Forma
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Formal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Formals
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_V
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Vo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Voi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Void
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_F
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Fo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_For
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Form
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Forma
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Formal
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Formals
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_VoidType_Formals { public Je_1_VoidType_Formals ( ) { } public static int test ( void foo ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'void'
Error


Test test/Je_1_VoidType_Local.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_V
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Vo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Voi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Void
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_L
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Lo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Loc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Loca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Local
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_V
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Vo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Voi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Void
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_L
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Lo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Loc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Loca
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Local
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER nu
accepted IDENTIFIER nul
accepted IDENTIFIER null
accepted NULL null
accepted NULL_LITERAL null
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_VoidType_Local { public Je_1_VoidType_Local ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { void foo = null ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'void'
Error


Test test/Je_1_VoidType_VoidMethod.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_V
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Vo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Voi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Void
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_V
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Vo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Voi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Void
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_VoidM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_VoidMe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_VoidMet
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_VoidMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_VoidMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_VoidMethod
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_V
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Vo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Voi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_Void
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_V
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Vo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Voi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_Void
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_VoidM
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_VoidMe
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_VoidMet
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_VoidMeth
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_VoidMetho
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_1_VoidType_VoidMethod
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted IDENTIFIER me
accepted IDENTIFIER met
accepted IDENTIFIER meth
accepted IDENTIFIER metho
accepted IDENTIFIER method
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER v
accepted IDENTIFIER vo
accepted IDENTIFIER voi
accepted IDENTIFIER void
accepted VOID void
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_1_VoidType_VoidMethod { public Je_1_VoidType_VoidMethod ( ) { } public void method ( void i ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'void'
Error


Test test/Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleTypeOfSimpleType.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_As
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Ass
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assigna
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignab
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignabl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Ins
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Inst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Insta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instance
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_Si
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_Sim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_Simp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_Simpl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_Simple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleTypeO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleTypeOf
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleTypeOfS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleTypeOfSi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleTypeOfSim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleTypeOfSimp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleTypeOfSimpl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleTypeOfSimple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleTypeOfSimpleT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleTypeOfSimpleTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleTypeOfSimpleTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleTypeOfSimpleType
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_A
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_As
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Ass
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assig
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assign
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assigna
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignab
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignabl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Ins
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Inst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Insta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instance
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceo
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_S
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_Si
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_Sim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_Simp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_Simpl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_Simple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleType
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleTypeO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleTypeOf
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleTypeOfS
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleTypeOfSi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleTypeOfSim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleTypeOfSimp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleTypeOfSimpl
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleTypeOfSimple
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleTypeOfSimpleT
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleTypeOfSimpleTy
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleTypeOfSimpleTyp
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleTypeOfSimpleType
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted SPACE  
accepted ASSIGN =
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 7
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER ins
accepted IDENTIFIER inst
accepted IDENTIFIER insta
accepted IDENTIFIER instan
accepted IDENTIFIER instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER instance
accepted IDENTIFIER instanceo
accepted IDENTIFIER instanceof
accepted INSTANCEOF instanceof
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleTypeOfSimpleType { public Je_6_Assignable_Instanceof_SimpleTypeOfSimpleType ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { boolean b = ( 7 instanceof int ) ; return 123 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token ')'
Error


Test test/Je_6_InstanceOf_Primitive_1.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Ins
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Inst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Insta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Instan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Instance
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Pr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Pri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Prim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Primi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Primit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Primiti
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Primitiv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Primitive
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Primitive_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Primitive_1
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Ins
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Inst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Insta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Instan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Instance
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Pr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Pri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Prim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Primi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Primit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Primiti
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Primitiv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Primitive
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Primitive_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Primitive_1
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER ins
accepted IDENTIFIER inst
accepted IDENTIFIER insta
accepted IDENTIFIER instan
accepted IDENTIFIER instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER instance
accepted IDENTIFIER instanceo
accepted IDENTIFIER instanceof
accepted INSTANCEOF instanceof
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_6_InstanceOf_Primitive_1 { public Je_6_InstanceOf_Primitive_1 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } public boolean foo ( int i ) { return i instanceof int ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token ';'
Error


Test test/Je_6_InstanceOf_Primitive_2.java _________________________________
accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_SINGLE_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted OP_DIV /
accepted COMMENT_JAVADOC 
accepted COMMENT_MULTI_LINE 
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Ins
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Inst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Insta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Instan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Instance
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Pr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Pri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Prim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Primi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Primit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Primiti
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Primitiv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Primitive
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Primitive_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Primitive_2
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_I
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_In
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Ins
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Inst
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Insta
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Instan
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_Instance
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceO
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_P
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Pr
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Pri
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Prim
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Primi
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Primit
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Primiti
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Primitiv
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Primitive
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Primitive_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_6_InstanceOf_Primitive_2
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER s
accepted IDENTIFIER st
accepted IDENTIFIER sta
accepted IDENTIFIER stat
accepted IDENTIFIER stati
accepted IDENTIFIER static
accepted STATIC static
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER te
accepted IDENTIFIER tes
accepted IDENTIFIER test
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 1
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 12
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 123
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted SPACE  
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER b
accepted IDENTIFIER bo
accepted IDENTIFIER boo
accepted IDENTIFIER bool
accepted IDENTIFIER boole
accepted IDENTIFIER boolea
accepted IDENTIFIER boolean
accepted BOOLEAN boolean
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER f
accepted IDENTIFIER fo
accepted IDENTIFIER foo
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted IDENTIFIER O
accepted IDENTIFIER Ob
accepted IDENTIFIER Obj
accepted IDENTIFIER Obje
accepted IDENTIFIER Objec
accepted IDENTIFIER Object
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER o
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted TAB 	
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER o
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER ins
accepted IDENTIFIER inst
accepted IDENTIFIER insta
accepted IDENTIFIER instan
accepted IDENTIFIER instanc
accepted IDENTIFIER instance
accepted IDENTIFIER instanceo
accepted IDENTIFIER instanceof
accepted INSTANCEOF instanceof
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_6_InstanceOf_Primitive_2 { public Je_6_InstanceOf_Primitive_2 ( ) { } public static int test ( ) { return 123 ; } public boolean foo ( Object o ) { return o instanceof int ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token ';'
Error


Test test/Je_Native.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER J
accepted IDENTIFIER Je
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_N
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_Na
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_Nat
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_Nati
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_Nativ
accepted IDENTIFIER Je_Native
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER n
accepted IDENTIFIER na
accepted IDENTIFIER nat
accepted IDENTIFIER nati
accepted IDENTIFIER nativ
accepted IDENTIFIER native
accepted NATIVE native
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class Je_Native { public native int m ( ) ; } eof 
Success


Test test/Je_Throws.java _________________________________
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER c
accepted IDENTIFIER cl
accepted IDENTIFIER cla
accepted IDENTIFIER clas
accepted IDENTIFIER class
accepted CLASS class
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER A
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER p
accepted IDENTIFIER pu
accepted IDENTIFIER pub
accepted IDENTIFIER publ
accepted IDENTIFIER publi
accepted IDENTIFIER public
accepted PUBLIC public
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER i
accepted IDENTIFIER in
accepted IDENTIFIER int
accepted INT int
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER m
accepted OPEN_BR (
accepted CLOSE_BR )
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER t
accepted IDENTIFIER th
accepted IDENTIFIER thr
accepted IDENTIFIER thro
accepted IDENTIFIER throw
accepted IDENTIFIER throws
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER j
accepted IDENTIFIER ja
accepted IDENTIFIER jav
accepted IDENTIFIER java
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER l
accepted IDENTIFIER la
accepted IDENTIFIER lan
accepted IDENTIFIER lang
accepted DOT .
accepted IDENTIFIER E
accepted IDENTIFIER Ex
accepted IDENTIFIER Exc
accepted IDENTIFIER Exce
accepted IDENTIFIER Excep
accepted IDENTIFIER Except
accepted IDENTIFIER Excepti
accepted IDENTIFIER Exceptio
accepted IDENTIFIER Exception
accepted SPACE  
accepted OPEN_CBR {
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted IDENTIFIER r
accepted IDENTIFIER re
accepted IDENTIFIER ret
accepted IDENTIFIER retu
accepted IDENTIFIER retur
accepted IDENTIFIER return
accepted RETURN return
accepted SPACE  
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 4
accepted INTEGER_LITERAL 42
accepted SEMICOLON ;
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted SPACE  
accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted CLOSE_CBR }
accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted NEW_LINE 

accepted SPACE  
public class A { public A ( ) { } public int m ( ) throws java . lang . Exception { return 42 ; } } eof 
Parsing error at token 'throws'
Error


